We collect information on links you interact with across our services.
To have your preferences apply across all Nike apps and devices, sign-in to make your choice.
You can object to or request that we restrict certain processing.
When you request deletion of your personal data, we will use reasonable efforts to honor your request.
we may retain personal information where required by law or  our legitimate business.
The public profile name you have chosen to represent you on Steam and your avatar is accessible to your friends and the public.
Grindr shares Personal Information with third-party partners to bring you the Grindr Properties.
Personal Data we collect and process may vary, depending on how you use our Sites.
GitHub data may include your username, profile picture and other information associated with your account on that third-party service.
We do not maintain or control the opt-out mechanisms and are not responsible for their operation.
You may receive push notifications when using the mobile app.
to notify you about changes to our Service.
Lyft should provide us enough information to verify your identity.
We do not currently sell any personal information of any such consumer.
We may also disclose personal data to banks and similar entities for the purpose of transferring device financing commitments.
You can unsubscribe from electronic messages providing news, promotions, special offers and other information from Costco, regarding products, services and related information.
we may share your personal information with companies that offer co-branded services together with their direct marketing partners.
We also disclose the categories of personal information listed above for business purposes.
You are responsible for ensuring the password is secure and for any activities or actions under your password.
This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to security risks that could harm Waze, our users, or the public; to create aggregated and/or anonymized data reports, which may be based on segmentation and modelling of your personal information; * To improve the safety and reliability of our services, including to prevent potentially illegal and fraudulent acts and other malicious acts that may endanger or seriously harm the health and well-being of individuals or their employees, contractors or agents who assist us in fraud prevention or in connection with claims or investigations for violations of the law, this Privacy Policy or our [Terms of Use](https://www.waze.com/terms/site-terms-of-use/).
We will also update our Policy Portal, which tracks all changes to this Policy.
We rely on appropriate or appropriate safeguards approved under applicable law, including adequacy decisions and standard contractual clauses.
Use and disclosure of anonymous information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy.
To exercise a request, please write to us at the email address set forth in “Contact Us” section below
Your email address will be used for marketing communication and newsletter distribution with your consent.
We do not control these third-party entities, products, and services,
Your running routes are set to private by default, so that you can see them in your workout history.
if you do not allow access to your Library or text inputs, we may not be able to offer you this feature.
WhatsApp also includes your profile information and the information you provide when you create messages.
Californian residents may opt out of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative and subsequently limit the tracking of their online activity and the availability of cookies and other tracking technologies.
You can request the deletion of your personal information.
OverDrive will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes of marketing Life360 products and services or the services of third-party businesses with your consent.
We will obtain a parent or legal guardian's consent prior to the collection of personal information from such children.
You can disable access to your calendar at any time in your device settings.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based ads through Walmart.com.
We will disclose information to a third party in the event that we sell or buy any business or undergo a merger, acquisition, or acquisition of such business.
Recipients of such information may be located in any country where Peloton has a business and/or legal establishment.
Plugging each partner’s name for more information
Zoom does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
We may also decline certain aspects of deletion requests if we believe doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes.
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection.
We may also share information with advertising partners to help promote our Services, but we share this information in a limited form that can be used by children.
As such, access to all personal information is strictly controlled.
For EU specific questions, please email us at euprivacy@insider-inc.com.
You are responsible for ensuring your sharing of this information with us is compliant with applicable laws.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
you may have additional rights depending on your residence.
We use cookies and other similar technologies to enhance your experience when using the Games.
You can opt out of receiving personalized ads.
If we deny your request, we will notify you and provide our reasons for the denial.
We share your personal data with our subsidiaries, third party service providers, vendors and agents, other than as required by applicable law.
Engaging Media LLC will ensure that your data is treated securely and under this Privacy Policy.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party website or application to your Account;
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Site.
For example, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services, and vice versa.
Both ads may be based on your current activity or your activity over time.
It is made other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
You may have the right to file a complaint with a data protection authority.
Through those services, CenturyGames will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal data with us.
At any time we can unsubscribe from receiving future emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of the email.
You may unsubscribe from our emails.
Session features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
We collect many different types of information from cookies and other technologies.
If you are unable to access certain personal data held by us in the way described above, you may request access by contacting us as described at the bottom of this Privacy Statement.
Much of this data is directly from you.
You may demand that the Controller erase the personal data concerning you without undue delay where one of the following reasons applies:
please see HEALOW’s employee privacy notice for information concerning who to contact if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern.
While declining cookies will impair the effectiveness of web beacons associated with those cookies.
We may receive information from public databases, platform providers, game developers, and other business partners involved in providing the Services.
We use this information, along with other information posted on our online services, to provide you with advertising tailored to you, and to help us evaluate how effective the ad networks are performing.
We may also protect the personal safety of service users or the general public.
We may limit your Personal Health Information requests: (a) where denial of access is required or authorized by law; (b) when granting privileges to other members of the same insurance policy; or (c) to protect the vital interests of you or another natural person.
You can learn more about interest-based ads by visiting(http://www.aboutads.info/choices).
You choose to give us certain information when using our services.
The content you share with a business on another company's service will be visible to certain people in that business.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, your personal information may be processed outside of those regions.
You may have additional choices depending on where you live.
We may collect your precise geolocation (latitude) information from your device or browser, including with your permission.
Scopely may be obliged to comply with your rights in the applicable law, such as when a disclosure is required or permitted by law; At this time, we may not need to obtain your consent when collecting and using your personal information
We often use the results of data processing to determine how to improve the Service.
European basis for the automatic storage of the data and the log files is SciPlay.
No mechanism of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
we combine information  to assure them of the necessary technical and organizational measures to protect user personal data.
Your use of the Service following such notice will signify your assent to and consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
we use the information to keep a record of users and inquiries.
We may share Geolocation data.
We may share information in specific situations and/or with the following categories of third parties:
Personal Data is collected and stored for registration or identification purposes only.
Improve and monitor Game use
The right to opt-out of certain information sharing practices with Third Parties who do not act as our Service Providers.
to know more about whether and how we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold personal information about them (“Personal Information”) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, to know the financial incentives that we offer to their employees, or to withdraw consent for processing where they have previously provided consent.
Indeed will notify users of the material change via email and/or by posting a notice on the applicable Sites.
You may link your Facebook or Google account to share content from our services, or your email address may be shared with such third parties.
Your Personal Information will remain subject to our technical and organizational controls and our policies and procedures.
Measuring interest in our services helps us serve interest-based advertising
You can opt-out from personalized advertisement experience, at any time by checking the privacy Settings of your Android or iOS device and choosing to limit AD tracking.
You can oulimit our ability to use your data to improve our services.
The settings and options provided directly by you may include:* Controlling targeted advertising from many ad networks and partners; data exchanges; marketing analytics and digital advertising and marketing service providers; legal services; information technology companies; fraud prevention and security vendors; vendors supporting legal, compliance, accounting, audits and other internal functions; and social media companies.
We also use cookies and similar technologies to target advertising and content across our platform and services.
If you have a privacy complaint or concerns about the way GitHub is handling your personal data, please let us know first.
If you collaborate on or become a member of an Organization, then its Account owners may receive your personal data, for example by having the ability to view your activity in the Organization’s access log.
We may disclose personal information without your knowledge if a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order legally authorizes us or requires us to do so.
This includes information about your activity on third-party services.
Californian residents may have the rights, as detailed in our “California Statement” :
Airbnb will provide notice regarding private repository access where not prohibited by law or if in response to a security threat or other risk to security.
We share information with third-party ad networks and advertising partners to deliver advertising and personalized content on our Services, on other websites and service.
We retain information for as long as OverDrive deems necessary to provide the Services or as permitted by applicable law.
The third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users.
you may continue to receive ads after disabling personalized advertising.
If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, some areas of our Sites may not function properly.
We may transfer to another entity or its affiliates some or all of the information in connection with any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any reorganization or joint venture.
We also may automatically collect location information.
Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your consent to abide by and bound by it.
Ad networks may collect information about your visits to websites that also take place in the relevant ad network.
Zoom transfers personal data globally with Zoom Group companies, resellers and partners when carrying out the activities described in this Policy.
The types of sensitive personal information that we collect are used for the following purposes:
You may also be eligible for a library card for access to your library's additional resources.
We use the information from your communications because * it is necessary to enter into and perform a contract with you to provide flights or other products or services; * we have a legitimate business interest in assisting you with making and managing your bookings with us, ensuring that our technical systems operate properly, improving and developing our products and services, and complying with applicable laws.
We may share information with our parent company, subsidiaries, other affiliates.
Nothing changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy.
We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information if necessary to (i) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, (ii) enforce our agreements with you (iii) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities, including to assist government enforcement agencies; (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Services; or (v) perform other activities related to such activities.
There are several exceptions where we may not have an obligation to fulfill your request.
Drivers of Lyft's international services are typically employees of those business partners, but personal data that we collect will generally be limited to providing you with information and promotional offers.
you can request the restriction of the processing of your Personal Data if you contest its accuracy.
To exercise your right to know and have erasure, please submit a request by contacting us with the subject line “Request to Delete Information.”
Resident Providers may not be able to assist or provide you with certain requested information.
The right to opt-out of certain information sharing practices with Third Parties who do not act as our Service Providers.
By using our Services, you acknowledge your personal information will be accessed by Zedge and our affiliates in the jurisdictions where we operate, and where required by applicable law.
GitHub can also store beyond such time if the European or national legislator provided for this in Union law regulations, laws or other legal regulations to which the Controller is subject.
We may share your data with certain third parties, including law enforcement agencies.
The third parties may use cookies included in web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you.
We may ask some users to provide additional consent for such communications.
The following types of information may be collected by third parties in our Services or we may share with them: performance data, data about players, certain technical information, social network ids, etc.
You have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted.
You can adjust your marketing communications preferences in our Privacy Dashboard.
we won’t collect your precise geolocation data.
residents of Colorado, Virginia, or Connecticut have the right to appeal a request we deny.
If a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, the parent or guardian may contact us by emailing us at [privacy@adp.com]
WhatsApp is therefore responsible for being able to prevent or investigate any cases of misuse and, in this context, to disclose such data to investigating authorities in individual cases, or to enable them to fix bugs.
Meeting our users is always improving our application and providing you with new opportunities.
we will associate that browser or device with your account.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings.
You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights.
Fulfill a purchase or send you order confirmations or other requested product or Service information;
You may review or update certain account information by logging into your account online.
You have the right to confirm whether we are processing personal data about you.
Employers can add or update certain information in your job profile by accessing your Employer account information.
We share information with notice to you and your consent.
Personal information and personal health information we collect on our Sites is stored electronically, and may be combined with other more recent information.
Users in the exercise of a personal data right may exercise the right to know for a legal basis the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or for the purposes discussed in this Policy.
We may use tracking technologies for safety, include ensuring our services function correctly, remembering your settings and preferences, helping to identify and prevent security incidents, and complying with legal obligations.
Managing and optimizing our Platforms, including:
If you are a child under age 13, any activities or services provided on Axis 360 are not available to you without the prior consent of your parent or legal guardian.
PIP address is a unique ID to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet.
We will not use, disclose, sell, distribute, or permit access to your Personal Data unless it’s allowed under Nevada law.
This Site is not intended for children below 13 and we do not knowingly collect data relating to such children.
You may change your resume privacy settings.
Their third parties collect this data from everyone using the Site.
We may share certain personal data sets for the purposes specified in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy.
ParkWhiz.com is a privacy preference
Object to the collection and processing of your personal information: (1) If you have given your Personal Data a greater processing period; (2) to receive information about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format that you can use to review, correct inaccuracies, and remove information that is inaccurate or violates applicable law; and (3) if you believe that your use of the Services has been compromised.
You share your information as you use and communicate through our services.
We may share your information and may use, share de-identified or aggregated information for any purpose, and such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
We keep track of your age when you use our Services.
information collected via the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including ad information
Thomson Reuters does not knowingly collect data from, or process data of, individuals under 16.
To use User generated content, you can use Personal Data.
You may have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Typically, though not always, the information we share is provided through cookies, software integrations, or similar tracking technologies.
We do not share your personally identifiable data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks for personalized advertising purposes.
If you withdraw any public information, those communications generally cannot be made private again.
If you elect to add information about Niantic or in-game events to your mobile calendar, we will, with your permission, access your device’s calendar and make it in these events.
If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us at data@leyinetwork.com.
You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
we will disclose your personal information to such third parties with your express consent.
Privacy safeguards and the rights of authorities to access your personal information may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
This Cookie & IBA Statement was last updated on January 1, 2023.
Californian residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of their rights.
We share information with third party companies to deliver advertising to specific users.
You can access personal information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:Reddit, Inc. 548 Market St. #16093 San Francisco, California 94104
We also may share aggregated information or otherwise anonymized information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
CCPA requires businesses to provide a web page where consumers can opt out of the “sale” of their personal information.
We collect billing information and shipping address.
Interactive Content collected through our Titles, and information provided to us by advertising and analytics partners:
Your information enables us to provide, maintain and improve our ongoing Services;
After your request, we will display, publish, distribute, and/or set the access of your Personal Data to third parties.
Security-related information is stored until account deletion under your request, or such data will be retained for 1 year after the Game is shut down.
We may use third party data storage providers to store personal data electronically.
Waze collects information to provide better services to all its users
we may deny such request if your authorized agent does not submit verified requests for information and/or proof.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, You may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Olark may also use or disclose your Personal Information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications, apply or enforce the Service’s Terms of Use or Terms and Conditions, or protect and defend our rights, products, and Services.
You can learn more about how Google uses information from sites or apps.
You should not use the Platform if you disagree with this Policy.
Your information is shared with specific third parties, from which you choose to receive offer.
we may use third party services to provide map services.
The services provided to you and the functionality of the Sites bound by these agreements may not be provided.
You may withdraw your consent by contacting us or by following an unsubscribe link in marketing communication.
We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal rights.
We use Social ID to enable users to share their game achievement or game-play video on social media or invite their friends to the Services.
Based on how you browse, use, or otherwise interact with the Services, we display content, advertising, recommendations and other personal information to you.
Once upon entering into your Child’s account, we will make your request in person to school officials.
Game mechanics and achievements may combine with other information to provide offers.
We may collect information about you from third-party sources, such as advertising partners.
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent.
You authorize OverDrive to collect and retain the PII submitted by you by submitting and otherwise consenting to the sharing of information.
We may disclose information if Discord is undergoing and/or engaging in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or sale of assets.
YouTube allows that web server to log information about your device and to set and read its own cookies.
We limit access to your Personal Data to those responsible for the business need to have such access.
We may process personal data related to the job seeker or the exercise of official authority vested in the employer.
PRIVO safeguards and enables the global transfer of personal information in a number of ways.
You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de>.
We may share Personal Data or any information collected through the Services with those marketing partners in order to help them deliver you information.
You may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent Google from using your information for analytics.
Prighter uses security measures to protect your Personal Data.
Virginia residents can “opt-out”, or direct us to stop collecting your information with third parties in exchange for monetary consideration.
You can manage your cookie preferences through the "Cookie Settings" link.
Subscribe to newsletters
* Facilitate your access to the Airbnb Platform and make payments, enable you to communicate with other members, * Provide analytics, combat fraud, and enforce our Terms of Service * Maintain the operational availability and reliability of our IT systems with infrastructure backups and testing (which may use a copy of live data where test data is not practical).
The payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council.
We must disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities.
Individuals in the United States have the following rights.
We follow the payment card industry standard (PCFTA) to handle credit card data.
We may also share anonymous, statistical or aggregated information with our service providers for legitimate business purposes.
we may collect information about you and the Services you provide.
We’ll keep this data in your Waze account until you choose to remove it and/or update it.
We use the information to manage focus-game needs.
You may choose to withdraw your consent.
Tiktok has the right to access your information and request that Waze delete that information.
We use your info to suggest other people who have similar interests.
Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X.
All personal data processed while the e-mail is being submitted is used to prevent a misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our IT systems.
You can instruct Your browser to refuse Cookies or to indicate the sending of the Cookies.
We may also use automated algorithms to analyze messages in cloud chats to stop spam and fraud.
With your express or consent, we may process your information.
If you submit a request related to access, modify, or delete your information, you may also contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section
Toca Boca may collect non personal information about the use of the website and apps.
You can request correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
OverDrive will store your address to providing you with your name, address, mobile phone number, and email address for your library.
We may also ask for your vehicle information and/or driver license for specific pickup transactions that relate your to specific vehicle.
We use the information to inform you of promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services.
We may transfer your information if we are involved in a merger, sale, acquisition, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other change.
You can opt out non-personal information that we have collected, processed, or otherwise collected about you, subject to your settings and choices.
For more information, visit the Privacy Shield website.
We only process the personal data to deal with the e-mail.
Etermax may use and share aggregated and/or anonymized information about users with third parties.
We may collect or receive information from the following sources (i) other service users who choose to upload their email contacts; (ii) third-party information providers; advertising networks; data providers who enhance the information we have about you; and from publicly available sources.
We also collect data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual.
Pandora information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest.
Dow Jones may allow us to send you severe weather alerts for the area in which you might be traveling, in addition to other Services.
We collect Geolocation information.
And we will ask for certain of your personal information in order to become eligible for the incentives.
You may have the right to access, correct and update your personal data.
We implement reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the security of your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage.
You need to provide sufficient information to verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information.
Budge Studios does not provide de- identified or aggregated consumer information.
Under the law, there are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited to when the information is necessary for us or a third party to assume obligations.
You can make a valid request to access your Personal Data by filling out this [Personal Data Request form].
You may contact us by emailing us at contact@umaxapp.com or submitting a [data subject access request].
If you decide to share this information with us, it will only be used to try and associate your contacts with other YouVersion members and will not be end-to-end linked to your accounts.
We will notify you of any material changes by posting a prominent notice on the Dow Jones Services indicating we have updated this Privacy Notice.
We collect in-game behaviors information when you play a game, participate in tournaments or other social media functions.
Any party can choose to delete any messages in a lead-party chat, along with all messages.
* security detection, protection and enforcement; * performance and auditing;
we collect your biometric information and disclose it to our authorized service provider for processing.
GoTo ’Settings’ * Scroll down to “Privacy”, tap on ‘Opt out of Interest-based advertising ” and tap again to the limit AD tracking.
We may transfer your information if we are involved in a merger, sale, acquisition, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy, receivership or other change.
We’ll process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
This section gives our data retention policies and procedures, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with the legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Nike does not share your information with [our partners] by providing you with opt-in partners.
We may use the information to administer those programs.
we may send emails and text messages inviting the person you are referring to to our Services or provide you a link that you can send to that person.
If you opt-out of receiving interest-based or targeted advertising, you will still see advertising.
You may request to correct or update any of your personal information in our files.
When you play our online games, your in-game profile information, gameplay, and statistics is collected and may be visible to other players outside the game in other EA Services.
The third parties may collect information about your use of our services.
We ask your permission before syncing your contacts.
During the past 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties for business or commercial purposes:
Information you post will be accessible to anyone with access, and personal data you include in your post.
California consumers may use the Digital Advertising Alliance’s tool to opt-out of cookies within web browsers.
If you are a California or Virginia resident, you may exercise additional rights.
Communicate with us: We collect messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when communicating with you, and your use of interactive features provided through the chat features.
We use data to store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our App accordingly.
we share personal data for security and fraud prevention purposes.
Indeed may receive Purposes Data from the Employer to which you applied.
You may also limit the communications that ADP sends to you.
if you disable such features, you may not be able to access or receive some of the Services, content, features and/or products.
We collect information that you give us directly.
We cannot and do not guarantee that your shared User Contributions will not be viewed by or used in an unauthorized manner.
You may opt out of conversion tracking through opt-out cookies.
We may need to collect your device or browser information and/or mobile carrier information, in addition to the postcode or geographic area to which the alert, update, or notification pertains.
We also use information to respond to requests by government or law enforcement authorities, or in response to complaints.
WhatsApp helps us to maintain and administer the Children’s Platforms, including to support our security efforts, to improve the quality of our Services, and to understand aggregate information about the entire user experience.
We may combine information with the information that we obtain from or about you.
We will provide a child user with a Child User ID only after their 16th or 13th parent or guardian has read and agreed to all of the terms herein, including consent required by applicable laws.
We may disclose your personal information to other users if you make the disclosure public or you choose to share features on the Services.
You may ask to cease processing your data for the direct marketing purposes.
Lyft members also have the option to provide us with additional information including emergency contact information.
Fomo may also store Personal Information about Users and visitors on servers located in the USA and other countries.
For analytics and reporting, our Service is designed to use information from your device
Amazon receives a “web beacon” (EU-based) and places a cookie on your computer in this process.
The right to object to the processing of your personal data for the performance of the contract.
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services;
For other requests, or if you have a question regarding our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office at [privacy@netflix.com]
we may obtain information from third parties to enhance or supplement your experience.
You can opt out of our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your device.
If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data with so you can contact them directly.
We may facilitate the transfer of your personal data for those services with your consent.
We may keep data that has been removed from the Spotify Service for a limited period of time.
When you register for or participate in certain programs, seek access to certain content or features, or directly address our concerns, we may collect certain types of data from you.
Deletion Rights.
we use remarketing cookies.
You can manage targeted ads through your system settings.
We collect the payment information you provide us, including your phone carrier, and tax information.
We may use the information to send you news and/or marketing communications subject to your marketing preferences and choices.
We collect information through the use of “cookies”, tracking pixels, data analytics tools, and other third-party promotional information.
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill its purpose.
Amongst those features are not used for identification purposes.
We may not be able to remove the items from our servers or make them unavailable to anyone you have shared it with.
We may collect personal information when you request information about our Services, including email address, phone number, or mailing address.
If you find that the information provided is not accurate, complete or updated, you should make all necessary changes to correct it.
California residents have additional rights under the CCPA, including the right to opt out of any sales or sharing of your personal information, to request access to and information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, or to withdraw consent for processing if you have concerns.
If  you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us.
You may provide information when you complete our surveys.
At your request, clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the email messages that we may send to you.
Grindr offers Job Seekers and Employers the option to use a telephone call to facilitate contact for the purpose of submitting applications, conducting job surveys or other communication activities.
You can always manually enter a location.
We will make the revised privacy policy available through the NBCUniversal Services.
User’s social network ID;
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please visit(https://help.tinder.com/hc/en-us)
We encourage you to review https://www.insider.com/your-submissions to provide recommendations or take advantage of information or changes.
Pinterest can help us review these changes.
*  **Right to erasure or ‘right to be forgotten’:** right to have your personal data erased or eliminated when your data is no longer necessary for the primary purposes.
Healow and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons, either on behalf of Facebook or for the other parties’ own purposes.
You can delete the advertising ID from the same button, which will result in the creation of a new ID.
Your response will be informed in advance of any charges that apply to any information you provide.
We collect information about your interactions with e-mail messages.
We use the personal information to provide a better gaming experience, improve the Services, and conduct marketing and research activities.
Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data
We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform.
We automatically collect certain information and store it in log files.
Your Services rely on this location information, in order to provide certain location-based services, content, promotional offers and other information.
As part of that subscription, you may have the option of viewing rewarded videos in exchange for additional content access through the Services.
We collect some information from you when you provide it to us directly, such as via an email or online form, through the support feature, or through other means.
Personal Data is retained in accordance with the records retention schedules to ensure that records containing Personal Data are retained as needed to fulfill the applicable business purposes, to conform with applicable legal requirements, for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.
we may obtain information about you from you.
OverDrive does not use or share your name or mobile phone number for marketing or sales purposes.
we may use cookies to store information about pages visited on our Sites, language preferences, your relationship with us, or other information that we have associated with you or your account.
If you sign into the Services with Facebook, we will collect information that is visible via your Facebook account such as your name, photo, and profile picture.
Where you buy tickets from third-party e-commerce sites, the third party will send us information such as your contact and billing information and information about your order for our flights.
Email us at [privacy@nianticlabs.com].
You may continue to receive messages for service and account-related matters.
We will retain your personal data for as long as needed to provide you with the Services or otherwise fulfill the purposes for which it was collected.
we may automatically collect information about how you interact with the Services.
GPC protection laws in Canada may be different from those of your country.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
When you play games or register for an account, we also generate information about your use of our games.
WhatsApp does not take any decisions about the use of datasets or profiling that materially affect you.
The United States and other third countries may not offer the same privacy protections as your country.
You withdraw consent from your account settings section which can be accessed on the Site or by following the “Unsubscribe” button at the bottom of your emails.
You may object to the processing of your personal information.
Califonia residents may also collect and gather non-personally identifiable information.
We may collect a personal description, photograph, and other profile information.
Personal data of our users is stored in our data centers of companies in countries with data protection laws that are not as data processing countries.
Californian residents may call telephone number at: +1 (800) 616-6535
Pixels collect  information about your browsing habits.
Personal Information may be used to send related information, including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security notifications, and support messages; to enable players to communicate with each other in-game and in person.
You acknowledge that you have no obligation to privacy for or concerning any of the above information, content and communications with us, including when you submit messages to us as part of user support, or participate in public forums.
Flo may also obtain information about other sites you have visited or used.
You may be able to delete cookie data.
We are not responsible for practices on third-party sites that may be linked to the Services.
You may have the right to direct us not to process your personal data for certain purposes.
If You are a resident of California, You have the right to data portability.
We may also use measurement methods to assess and manage credit risks.
we may retain such information to provide you a service you have requested, to comply with applicable legal
Collect your information where we need it to perform a contract with you.
Personal information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by other persons.
our services may not work properly when you adjust your preferences.
Wi-Fi Debugging is a hosting application provided by Google Inc.
Data about the ads you can view may be reported.
Nevada residents can opt out of the sale of your personal information.
We may seek additional information to verify a requestor’s identity.
We may transfer your information to countries that have provided an adequate level of protection by the EEA or the UK.
When you create a YouVersion account or use any one of our Applications or sites, the information we collect is for the purpose of offering a more personalized experience.
You can limit online tracking by clicking the “Cookie Notice” at the footer of our Sites.
You should take special care in ensuring that information you send to us is absolutely secure.
We collect data for advertising and analytics purposes.
For the purpose of analyzing the extent of your Scopely identifiers so that the processing of certain technical aspects of our applications can continue to improve, optimize, tailor and tailor our products and services, and for other purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
It is necessary for the performance of our contract with you to provide a full-game Service and fulfill applicable game requirements; At this time, we may not need to obtain your consent when collecting and using your personal information
Upon our receipt of and confirm your request (see section 9.3 i) “Exercising Access, Deletion, and Correcting Rights”), we will disclose to you: (i) the categories of personal information we collected about you and disclosed to third parties for targeted advertising purposes; (ii) when we have a basis for it; and (iii) within 3 years of your last interaction with us.
We may decline to process requests that are unreasonable or manifestly unfounded, unless there is adequate protection in place.
Right to opt out of information sales
We will ask you for personal data when you interact with us.
Proprietary choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information.
We maintain limited information on Personal Health Information for the purpose of our legitimate interest in providing personalized health information as well as safeguarding individual and household preferences.
You can have your information deleted.
Personal data received from third-party companies will depend on privacy settings on relevant Third-Party Application.
We also disclose the categories of personal information listed above for business purposes.
We only process the necessary data for each specific purpose.
Using your in-app actions and achievements, as well as certain information about your mobile device, to operate the Services for you and to personalize your online experience.
To revoke the consent, open the TriviaScapes app and go to **Menu > Settings > Request consent** to access the personal data you have provided.
We transfer data to service providers for the following reasons:
We may disclose your geolocation information to service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf.
SciPlay may have collected Personal Identifiers.
We will also delete data which is no longer needed  because it has no significant purpose for processing.
we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under controls that are designed to protect your privacy.
your personal information may be processed outside of those regions.
While using our library Services, you may enjoy opportunities to post reviews, rate digital content, and share mobile activity information with others in public forums and on social networking websites.
Upon request of California residents, you must provide: The complete name of your request; Your full name, a current California address including, but not limited to, city, state, and zip code; The email address associated with your account; And the date and time of birth.
You can typically reset these points through the settings of your device’s operating system.
we may be unable to fulfill your request for certain information.
You can email privacy-dept @ indeed.com to request to restrict the processing of your Personal Data.
On how to exercise your choices and interests, you can find in your [Your Choices and Data Rights].
Zedge will only obtain your consent before engaging in the marketing or advertising activities.
For residents of the United States, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and construed in accordance with applicable U.S. state law, without giving rise to any objection to the disclosure of your personal information.
We may use the information for purposes, including to:
You can delete such personal data or direct you to applicable tools.
Personal information you provide CenturyGames will allow us to provide and deliver products and services you request, such as create in-game accounts; alert you of new products or services, features, or enhancements; improve our Services and keep them relevant; provide you with customer support.
In compliance with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework Principles, Indeed Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States under the DPF Principles.
Some browsers or plug-ins use a Global Privacy Control (“GDPR”) that you can learn more about here [here].
By using the Services, you acknowledge, consent and agree that we may access, preserve and disclose your information.
Zoom uses third-party marketing, advertising, and analytics providers to provide statistics and analysis about how people use Zoom products and services.
You can also visit https://youradchoices.com closed personalized ads.
To provide, improve and support our Services, we may share your personal data with: * Our parent company, Facebook Inc., located in the United States; * our affiliate companies, IronSource, Inc. (a) our subcontractors; and b) the third parties, with your consent or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law.
We receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services.
KWS shares and uses information for the purposes of the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
We may use the information to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer.
You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
We implement reasonable contractual measures designed to ensure that our Service Providers provide appropriate protection for your information.
To ensure the security of the information is provided in accordance with your device.
we may retain information from that Lyft account to prevent that Member from boarding a Lyft ride.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
We do not knowingly collect personal information as defined by the COPPA from children under 13.
WhatsApp may be engaged in, among other things, the processing of transactions and user’s payment details, or the provision of support services.
Last modified on Aug 15, 2023
You can contact us to request the removal of such data.
Peloton may collect the following information from you, when you view ads that it has provided to us: Device type, device model, operating system, Internet service provider, carrier, name, mobile carrier code, country, and locale.
If you need to correct or request that we delete such personal information, please contact CenturyGames using the information in the "Contact Us" section below.
you can change your notification settings or completely unsubscribe from all the notifications.
Under certain circumstances, we will obtain your consent before using a specific GPS location.
Adress User Personal Data transferred to Employers in this way is processed in accordance with Indeed’s terms and conditions.
Dow Jones does not obtain information, such as the IP address, of the device that installed the page.
Your Personal Information will be stored anywhere in the world and may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident.
Submitting a request will require that you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf, or must demonstrate requisite authorization.
We may include links to third parties.
KWS complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Program (COPPA), a U.S. state law designed to protect the online privacy of children.
Most web browsers allow some control of cookies through the browser settings.
For their privacy notices, Arrive collects what personal data they collect, shares, and use, as well as the practices of those practices.
Apple Inc. can be reached at [dataprotection@adp.com].
You should consult that site's privacy policy before providing any information on a site.
We collect account and contact data, including username and email address, and credentials such as your password, during account creation.
We do not want you to have to spend time remembering your messages; and we will honor your choices.
Contact us at [support@onxmaps.com].
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data.
Deleting some Personal Data may affect your experience using certain features of the Services.
We do not offer an opt-out right to the sale of personal data.
We collect the information available YouVersion and its content.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing your personal information.
We place ads through Google and Facebook, as well as on other websites and services.
When you use our Services through a third-party platform, you are giving CenturyGames access to certain information contained in your profile on that site.
Your continued use of our website as well as your refusal to our updated information provide our continued interest in providing you with better services on our Website.
We may use your information to confirm your registration for an event or contest.
we will collect and store all information you provide and use as described in this Privacy Statement.
OverDrive requires that third parties with whom information about users of school Services is shared are obligated to safeguard such information.
Provide you with the benefits of the Capital One program and the opportunity to appeal decisions.
OverDrive may use network-related or other information to recognize your device.
To create aggregated statistical data, remarketing or anonymized data is used to provide and improve our Services, which may use non-personal data for marketing purposes.
GitHub collects information about user’s devices by using cookies and other similar technologies to recognize user activity.
Sayhi will direct Japanese residents to third parties regarding the disclosure of your personal information.
We collect the following types of personal information directly from you:
If any third party's use of our real-time voice chat function is collected incidentally, you are responsible for ensuring that such third-party's consent is granted.
Exercising the right to require us to stop processing the personal information we hold about you other than for storage purposes in certain circumstances.
You can correct any inaccurate personal information.
You can opt-in to targeted advertising on the “Your Privacy Choices” page.
Personal information does not (i) include publicly available information, de-identified, or aggregated consumer information.
If we might have collected personal information from or about a child, please contact us at privacy@leyinetwork.com.
You can explicitly contact X's data protection officer through our [Data Protection Officer Portal].
You may adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether to receive advertising based on your interests.
Your continued use of our website after we've made changes means you accept the updated notice.
You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, Community Profile, preferred pronouns, and purchase history in the "Your Account" section of the website.
Grindr ensures that the changes we make to this policy are material.
Scopely and personal health information will be restricted to authorized personnel
Your approximate location may be covered based on your Internet Protocol address.
If you choose to sign up or log in to use the Services with your other social network account details or otherwise make changes to your account, you will share your information.
We may share information to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, as necessary;
SuperAwesome requires certain personal information about parents to perform a verification process about their child.
We use your information to provide you with the App and its contents, products or services.
For other changes to this Privacy Statement, we encourage users to watch or to check our site regularly.
Amplitude enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
We may use and process your information and content to fulfill the purposes for which you provided it, to deliver the products or services you request; * For informational, transactional or informational purposes, such as Account management, customer service, processing or providing information to improve our products and services, and to allow us to enhance your experience with the Services.
Correction
Etsy gives you the choice of access, edit, or remove certain information, as well as choices about how we contact you.
We collect information as described in this Privacy Policy for SuperAwesome studios only, as a data controller under data protection law where relevant.
User Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in the event of legal change.
Data protection officer:Attention: Data Protection Officer General Office 1001 Summit Boulevard, Floor 20,Brookhaven, GA, USA 30319
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization.
Using your location-specific options, functionalities or offers, you could provide us with location information.
Disclosure to third party products or advertisers
We use Account log-in number to authenticate accounts and activity, detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent activities, violations of our Terms of Service or harmful conduct.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of Your personal information to third parties.
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of California, if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you violates applicable law.
We will collect the identifier for your donation, if you provide one, and personal information such as your name, address, country, zip code, or email address.
Service providers may process data in your region, in the United States, or in any other country where they operate facilities.
We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our [Privacy Statement].
We use the information to use Location Data for the Application to operate or provide specific features.
You have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
California residents may submit a request to opt out of sales or sharing by calling us at 1-800-447-0663.
We and our service providers may access, store and otherwise process personal information outside of Canada.
Third-party providers use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your device and your service use.
This information shared may include names, contact details, gate locations, and call duration.
Contact us at [support@onxmaps.com].
you may have additional rights depending on your residence.
we may anonymize your Personal Information so that it can no longer be associated with you.
Your lending history is not shared with any third parties, except to staff with appropriate authority for the administration of your institution.
We automatically collect personal information about you when you interact with us.
And you have the right under this Policy and all documents related to this policy to be informed in writing.
We may also provide aggregate, de-identified information concerning connections between you and third-parties.
We collect personal data about you when we provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when other types of information inform us.
With vendors who we employ to process information on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, we share information with vendors.
to opt-out of receiving personalized advertisements, see Personalization of Interest-based Advertising.
We may collect demographic information, which may include gender, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation.
You will not be subject to such automated processing and decision making unless you have given us your consent or if there is a legal basis.
Automated decision made in individual cases, including profiling
If you want to report a security incident related to the Services, please email us at [security@flo.health].
Lyft only collects and processes your information to the extent necessary to fulfil one or more of its functions and activities, and will do so only by fair and reasonable means.
If you are under 13, do not use or provide any personal information on, or through, the Services.
We retain your Personal Data in order to maintain our relationship and to provide you with our Services.
You can manage how these Tracking Technologies are used by adjusting your device or browser settings and by selecting your preferences in a privacy policy.
We, or they, may need to share information related to the transaction in order to complete your order.
We will alert you of changes by indicating at the date that it was last updated.
we also need to ask you for personal data like your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number in order to process your inquiries or to provide support to you.
We may also collect information when you exchange communication with Waze.
We use your information to communicate with you.
We do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing their services.
If you do not wish us to collect personal data about you at all, you should avoid using our Services.
For more information about Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and network adoption tools for participating companies, please visit the [Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool](https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online- advertising/) link.
a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our Service to your device or analyze device issues related to our Services.
We do not share information about title selections or your shows you have watched on our service.
while some parts of the Services may be private or restricted by the user, you should take responsibility for ensuring that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
* comply with applicable law or regulations, court orders, subpoenas, legal process or government requests; * detect, investigate, prevent, or address security, fraud or technical issues; or * protect the rights, property or safety of Etsy, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law.
Ask for and process personal information when you use the App.
If you do not reside in the U.S., you may be processed by Apple Inc. on behalf of the Apple Family.
You can go to Settings to change the exact procedure after your profile has been deleted.
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our data protection practices.
We may receive information about you from our third party service providers, who collect this information through our own privacy policies.
we do “share” information in order to provide certain third-party advertising networks and other services.
Pseudonym information may be collected through the use of cookies.
We occasionally receive personal information from law enforcement agencies and other sources relating to criminal activity, and may use that information in accordance with any applicable law.
you have the right to withdraw consent by contacting us.
External Service Providers authenticate your identity and may provide us with personal data.
We are not responsible for the accuracy of information from other parties.
We may update this Notice to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices.
We may cvollect or sell/shares the Company, or any portion or portion of its products, services, assets and/or businesses.
We use your Personal Information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the Apps.
We may collect certain information to protect and verify your information and our Services.
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 18.
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share their personal information.
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
We process personal data for providing services to players of our Titles for the performance of their contract with them.
We allow access to personal data across our subsidiaries, affiliates and related companies
Sayhi may modify this Privacy Policy in any material manner.
We do not access and don't store your credit card information.
You are encouraged to review the Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices.
To see when this Privacy Statement was last updated, please see the "Last Updated" section below.
We may also contact you to remind you before deleting.
COVID-19 residents also have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment  for the exercise of the rights.
You have the right to revoke your consent given for data protection law purposes at any time.
We will disclose and deliver the required information within 45 days of receiving your verifiable request.
The site may inform you of your specific location and request your permission to do so.
No security measures are perfect.
We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services on our behalf or on behalf of our Affiliates.
Some information is collected automatically when you visit our Services.
you may choose to opt in to receiving push notifications.
we strongly advise you not to share any sensitive information through these means.
Indeed may receive Purposes Data from the Employer to which you applied.
Fill in our Service
we may conduct internal research
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it as listed below, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
We collect information about you from different sources and in various ways when you use our Service, including information you provide directly, information collected automatically, third- party data sources, and data we infer or generate from other data.
If you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, NBCUniversal Affiliates are integrated into the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
We implement commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information.
Your library will be asked to submit your name, mobile phone number, and a country code or campaign code.
Valve may also receive and store certain billing information.
This includes having Standard Clauses approved by the European Commission with regard to information we receive about you from third parties in our supply and processing.
We may provide these parties with information about your usage of our Site and our Services, as well as aggregated or non-personal data about visits to our Sites and Services.
disabling certain information may impact the functionality of certain Grindr services.
If you enable a browser extension designed to block tracking, non-essential cookies will be collected by a website or third party.
Portability
If you would like to request information related to your support records, please contact us directly at [privacy@life360.com].
Residual use may impact features and functionality that rely on that information.
With the general public
We protect this information according to the practices and any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information.
you will have the option to show your lending history.
No additional location information will be associated with your account after account deletion.
Scopely verifies your identity and processes rights requests
Send you marketing materials by email or via in-app notifications.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information without consent, please contact us.
GitHub may collect directly by you to us, provided by third parties.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us
Etermax Brand Gamification collect Traffic data.
We further use the information above to provide technical and customer support to you.
the possibility of manipulation or disruption of technical systems cannot be excluded.
The information collected can be used to: measure the effectiveness of advertising; Personalize the player experience; Perform network analytics to analyze traffic and other player activity.
The system must store the user's IP address for the duration of the session.
You can choose to receive mobile push notifications from Netflix.
WhatsApp Inc. transfers information from the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland to other jurisdictions that are outside the EEA and/or Switzerland.
To help us improve our service, to allow us to better serve you in responding to your customer service requests.
This information does not include any personal or personally identifiable information that we will create.
For personalisation and analytics.
You should review this Privacy Policy periodically to be sure of our current policies and practices.
You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area or the UK for unresolved complaints.
We may use information we collect from you in other ways for certain purposes.
We will disclose personal data if it is necessary to:
To opt-out of communication with us for our Services, send us your request through the online contact form.
You can review and revise your profile information.
We use the information to provide you with customer support and respond to your questions.
We collect audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
We will provide your Personal Data to you in a portable format.
we have used third party advertising and other tracking technologies on our Sites to collect information about you, your device(s), and your use of our Games.
You can request to access, obtain a portable copy of, correct, or delete data.
You can share text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other communications in the SayHi application, if you choose to do so.
We may require further verification to grant access to your information.
Contact email address: legal@topgamesinc.com (subject heading "Privacy Concerns") via mail order: 585 Glenwood Avenue, Menlo Park, CA 94025.
to opt-out of personalized advertising associated with our games, you can visit the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” setting found in a game’s settings menu, or contact us.
You can complain to the appropriate data protection supervisory authority.
If a pharmacy product delivered to you through the Services has been discontinued, you will share your name, email address, the date of the prescription drug product, and the pharmacy's prescription code.
You have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device.
We follow a strict confidentiality process prior to engaging any vendor or work with any partner.
You can always manually enter a location.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please notify us and discontinue your account.
If you make a purchase or other financial transaction, we collect credit card numbers, financial account information, and other payment details.
Third-party technologies we use may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to provide you with customized content, offers, services or advertisements.
You have the right to request that we use the personal data only as necessary to perform the services or provide the goods you request.
we will notify you of material changes via a prominent notice on the Services or via email before the effectiveness of the change.
We use the information to comply with registration and regulatory requirements.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Personal information is obtained directly from you, from others authorized to provide the information, and from other parties with whom we work, such as service providers, marketing and data partners
We use your Personal Information to identify and authenticate your access to certain features of the Sites and Services; to provide you with our Services, to fulfill your orders, and to contact you.
you can access the service with some predefined general characteristics based on a series of criteria in your terminal such as language, the browser you use to access our service, etc.
You also have the right to complain to a supervisory authority.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, including internal data collected to improve our products, for internal analysis, or for research.
For information about the transfer and storage of your personal information outside of Canada, please see [Foreign Affairs Canada.
you can control cookies and similar technologies used on all EA sites for certain purposes.
The following sections describe situations where we may store your messages in the course of delivering them.
We give you notice about your account/subscription, including cancellation and confirmation notices.
Sayhi may make a verifiable request related to your personal information.
If you do not wish to receive marketing information from us, please contact us.
clearing third-party cookies from your browser or device may affect or remove your choice.
Waze may use your “My Location” and "Park Information" information to offer points and movement information based on how you use the Services.
We take steps to ensure that your personal information is protected and is processed only in accordance with this policy.
Olark may use this type of cookies to recognize your device
We only share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy & Cookie Policy or at the time of collection.
We may collect payment and financial account information.
Threshold notifications may be turned off at device settings.
When you sign up for our Services, enter or participate in our contests, giveaways or competitions, we may collect the information you provide.
Users can prevent cookies from being stored by selecting the respective setting in their browser software; in addition, users can restrict the data generated by the cookie and related to their use of the website and mobile applications to the extent required by applicable law.
Reprints: June 23, 2023
the right to request the controller to correct or delete personal data concerning you
ParkWhiz is certified under the Privacy Shield Principles and thus provides an guarantee that it will comply with European data protection law.
For our safeguarding and fraud prevention programs, we review our Supplemental Information Products Privacy Statement(/en/privacy-statement.html), including guidance for early detection, verification, and risk assessments.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so,when we operate our Service and when we ensure that your personal data is subject to suitable safeguards.
We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers who don’t reveal information about individual people.
Local storage technologies, like browser-based functionalities, can store persistent data on your device outside of specific application settings.
With any deletion process, situations like complete deletion, threats, or failures in our procedures may occur.
We may share your information with other players or users.
Where we need to do so to perform a contract with you or have given your consent to us, we will be relevant where we use your personal information.
Sirius XM may store your name, mobile phone number, and address to authenticate your checkouts from the library’s OverDrive digital collection.
if you use a data backup service integrated with our services, they will receive information you share with them.
If you no longer have access to your User Account, please email us at [support@get-headway.com]
We collect data access and rectification.
You must be over the minimum age limit that is prescribed by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions to use any social sharing features integrated in our Services.
We may also disclose your personal information to other parties if we believe it necessary or appropriate to protect our operations and those of our affiliates, or others.
If you do not receive notification of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your concern to your satisfaction, please contact JAMS.
We will delete the information collected from a child without parental consent.
For the disclosure of information regarding your Personal Data, including our security controls and transfers to foreign providers, please see [here](https://hrtechprivacy.com/covered-companies/).
Disposition changes to the cookie policy will effective on the “Last Updated” date.
If you reside in the UK, we rely on standard contractual clauses and/or other approved safeguards to transfer personal information to the US, EU or UK.
We periodically update our policies regarding information security.
We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
You may contact privacy@adp.com to contact [ADP](/terms/privacy-terms.aspx).
For scientific, historical, research, or statistical purposes.
Scopely may aggregate certain geographic location information.
Information you provide directly to us may be considered a "covered request" under California law; however, we may deny you or others’ rights; and/or disclosure of the type of information we deny.
Your Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
We use the information for Performing services.
We use your personal information to provide, maintain, and improve the Services.
You may request we stop processing your information if the processing we are doing is unlawful.
Profiling about users of school Services is only retained by OverDrive for the period necessary to support the authorized school or educational purposes.
Personal information does not include de- identified data or publicly available information.
We do not require that you disclose any personally identifiable information about your minor child to us.
We use personal information and personal health information collected online as described in Sections 6 and 7 above.
Through Facebook custom audience matching we may create a list of users with certain sets of data, and choose users that have completed certain actions in the application.
You may disable our access to Bluetooth in your device settings or by disconnecting the relevant device from the game.
The information that we have collected may be transferred to the entity and its advisors involved in the transaction.
Users do not have the right to object to processing.
Fomo is continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect the Personal Information.
Moon Active Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the UK-based Data Protection Framework (DatPRF), and the Swiss-Based, Non-Discrimination Framework for the European Union (NDPF).
We encourage you to exercise the following rights: access/review, rectification, cancellation/erasure, object to processing or posting of your personal information, revoke your consent.
You  have a right to access your personal information and to be provided with a copy.
We will ask for your consent for purposes beyond the above-mentioned purposes in material aspects.
you may unsubscribe by responding to “Help” to stop receiving marketing messages.
you may continue to receive personalized ads from our third-party ad networks.
We may share personal data with actual or prospective recipients, their representatives and other relevant participants in negotiations or during negotiations for any sale, merger, investment, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership or sale of company assets.
We use the information to provide, maintain, and improve our Services.
Recipients may disclose information about themselves by posting in the public forums on the Site.
We do not knowingly solicit information from people under the age of 13.
We may use certain information about you to generate lists, so that we can deliver relevant ads, headings, and campaigns in accordance with your settings.
With their authority, this Privacy Policy applies only to their activities within the State of California.
you can set your resume to not searchable.
Strictly Necessary Information allows the Sites to remember important information.
At any time we wish to share or are compelled to disclose your personal information to third parties.
We assume no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Grindr is committed to the storage of chat messages on its servers to support the use of the Grindr Services.
we use your information to email you regarding your account or order, and  provide technical support.
We may scan, use, and store information contained in your ID to verify your identity and for security purposes.
When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data to operate our business or protect our interests, we will do so in accordance with our legitimate interests
we will use the contact information to communicate with you about the promotion.
communicate with you concerning our service so that we can send you news about Netflix, details about new features and content, special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys, and to assist you with operational requests such as password reset requests.
Through a user’s interactions with the Services, HEALOW collects “Personal Information,” which is information that identifies an individual or relates to an identified individual.
you may manage your preferences for finding and connecting with others from your account.
You can object to our processing of personal information about you.
Precise date: May 8, 2022
Waze may share information with other organizations such as advertisers in order to provide you with advertisements that may be more relevant to you based on your inferred interests.
In some cases, we may collect age, gender and similar demographic details from you.
The third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to collect, store, use and transfer information about your activity on our Services in accordance with their privacy policies.
Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
User shall rectify or “opt out”.
We collect personal data you provide to us.
We use the information to provide, develop, enhance our Services, and for other business purposes needed to deliver our services or as required for legal or compliance purposes.
We use cookies and similar technologies for advertising.
* Crash logs** consist of data collected when one of our services crashes.
Our administrators may check messages that were originally posted, if convicted, to their clients.
When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server.
We may use your personal information to provide you with relevant content, for example, information that you requested, or information about your friend or other third-party service.
We limit our use of data for anti-fraud purposes to those that are strictly necessary and within our scope to protect our customers and our Services.
The right to request that we not sell personal information about them.
we may still send other non-marketing messages to you.
We include SDK providers that transfer game data to third-party service providers who assist us in delivering the applications.
we will use information about you to help you resolve your issue or question.
If NBCUniversal is a service provider for third-party organizations, please contact your organizations directly to exercise any individual's rights.
Functional cookies:they allow us to remember choices you make when you use the Website.
Last Updated on 3/12/2023.
The information gathered using these cookies is used to measure the activity on the websites, applications, or platforms, as well as to develop navigation profiles for the users of the service, with the purpose of improving the application, services, and user experience.
If you are less than 18 years old, you may not use the Site or the Services without prior permission and supervision of your legal guardians.
What information do we collect mainly consists of questions and answers, including what you would like to cover your needs and activities and, if you use Waze Carpool, to tailor our services for you.
Residents in certain states may also be permitted to opt out of certain profiling relating to their personal information.
You can contact us to exercise your rights.
You can also exercise your right to restrict our processing of your personal information.
For example, we may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools to share actions you take on our products and services with other social media platforms.
Contact us
If you are a user located outside of Canada or the United States, you understand (and consent to) that your information may be shared with Airbnb, whether and as required under applicable law.
You can have the Controller rectify and/or complete data
You can withdraw your consent by using Settings on your behalf,  to object to the processing of your personal information.
Information collected automatically This includes information about your interactions with our customer service, such as the date, time and reason for contacting us, a record of any chat conversations, and the phone number and recording of your call when you call us;
Browse or update your account information
When you use Question.AI, we will collect certain of your device information, including device ID, IP address, browser type, operating system, referenced websites, time and date, subject of advertisements you clicked or scrolled over, and applicable location.
We assure you to use reasonable security measures to reasonably secure information you have gathered from GitHub, and to respond promptly to complaints.
The shared information may also combine with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising.
You may opt out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email.
You can correct your personal information where it is inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated.
You may provide us your status if you choose to include one on your account.
We retain personal data for as long as required to engage in the uses, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law.
California residents can opt out of certain disclosures of Personal Information to third parties.
By agreeing to our Privacy Policy, you agree to the use of cookies and similar technologies.
we do not accept any responsibility or liability for third parties' policies.
We collect Transaction information.
we use fitness data to compare your overall and current performance and to provide you with analytics about your progress over time.
Third party partners may use tracking technologies to gather information about your activitie, to deliver such advertising to you.
Do not use the Services if you do not agree with all of this Privacy Policy.
We collect your address book information.
We protect the privacy of children who visit or use our online services.
You can opt out of tracking by our analytics providers by visiting their opt-out pages.
The users’ IP address is masked by Google in connection with the agreement on the protection of the European Union or of other countries.
Tel.No.: 1-844-327-5757e-mail: casework@staruniongame.com.
This may include information like the reason that you install our application or register to use Discord.
You have the right * To request access to the personal information we hold about you; * Submit any comment, leave feedback, or send us a photo and video ; Special Note about Content Submissions.
Feedback Email: [privacy@bloomberg.com].
We will take all steps to ensure your privacy is protected to the fullest extent possible.
we have a legal obligation
We review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to the safety of the public.
an email address is required to have a member account to ensure we can properly authenticate potential users of that account.
If you interact with other users of the Services, those users may see your name, profile picture, and a description of your activities.
You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in emails.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Recipients may contact us at [dotorgmail@sesame.org with requests to review, update, or delete any of their personal information.
Ask us to transfer your information to another organization if we process the information based on your consent or the necessity to perform the contract;
Under the CCPA, you can contact us: By email: [[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)
We may collect information about you from other publicly available sources.
We need your email address to receive our newsletter.
The cookies and scripts are used to measure, understand, and anonymously report on your usage of our Website.
Legal requirements, courts, law enforcement agencies or security authorities in the United States may be required to access your personal information.
If we have rejected your consumer request you have the ability to file an appeal with us.
You have the right to be informed about those recipients.
We never receive your credit card number or other financial information from these third-party services as part of establishing or linking an EA Account.
Performance cookies collect information about how you use the Services.
This applies where the decision is based on the reason for the action.
We share your Personal Data with Advertising Networks.
Without prejudice to the extent we have taken steps to ensure the accuracy of the personal data.
We collect data about your device’s location, so as to reasonably optimise your experience  or sensitivity.
EA also requests your permission for facial and motion scan, which do not collect user personal information.
It’s your right to know of the personal information we process about you, and how we deal with it.Learn More
We collect sensitive information.
The Service Providers help us to process and deliver contest submissions and rewards.
For more information about these rights or choices, please visit the(https://www.capitalone.com/privacy/applications/).
This Privacy Policy was last updated in  January 2023.
You may be able to alter settings on your browser, device, or other software to block or partially block those third parties.
We may retain information that no longer identifies you indefinitely.
We may share your personal information with third party service providers that assist us with the operation of our business.
_Cookie Policy_ : Identify if users have applied for the use of cookies on the Website.
You can access any personal data that we hold about you and have ”sold or “sold” to third parties.
We may share anonymous information with third parties anonymously.
You will give us information that you provide to us when you register on the Services, including your date of birth and the corresponding password you set for your OverDrive account.
Information collected through cookies and web beacons; device information; purchase history; customer preferences and characteristics; information about games and platforms and other information provided by you or third parties.
We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location for a nearby flower shop.
We will disclose personal data if it is necessary to:
You have the right to know: whether we sell or share personal information to third parties;
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data for comply with a legal obligation.
We’ll post a notice about the material change on this website at least a year before we have your data subject rights.
We may use your personal information for research and analytics.
We might not be able to fulfill certain requests in some cases, for example if they're illegal or could expose someone else's privacy.
we will stop collecting and using certain event and log information as described in these settings.
We may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice or sending an e-mail to you.
Amazon Services may offer links to Third Party websites.
ParkWhiz.com and web beacons are small graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have exercised certain functions.
We may use and share such information as necessary for our business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.
Sayhi may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify You, to improve its products or services.
We store the information we collect for as long as it is necessary for the purpose(s).
We try to analyze and publish the data we share publicly in an aggregated form, protect your privacy and keep your account safe.
Telegram is based on technologies from AppsFlyer, Inc.
You can also delete [ reviews] you’ve made on apps, games, and other content in the game.
Nike takes responsibility for protecting your privacy rights and choices.
Social media
* Create and maintain your Platform account; * Process transactions and send you technical notices, such as confirmations, withdrawals, and user support inquiries, * Send you promotional materials, alerts regarding available offers and other communications, including text/SMS messages if you provided your mobile number and opted into receive such messages (for information on our text messaging program, please click the links provided;) * Respond to, handle and process queries, requests for technical assistance, or for any other purpose you authorize;* Anonymize or de-identify your information to provide third parties with aggregated information and valuable information about you, for example, in connection with establishing an account to process information, providing you with customer support, improving and optimizing our Service,
Drivers cannot read from or write to your device’s health app without your consent.
You choose not to use the Services if you disagree with our policies and practices.
If you wish to do so, please e-mail us at [privacy@centurygame.com]
we may receive additional information about you.
GitHub data is used to provide the Services and to measure, customize, and improve them.
You can control this data collection and sharing through the app settings.
Maintain, operate, and maintain our Services through third-party platform and software tools;
We will first seek your permission for the purposes for which we initially collected your device.
We may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Notice.
We collect, retain and use information necessary to provide, maintain and improve Question.AI and/or our Services; information that voluntarily consents may be collected by you.
We may use the information we collect from members of other services to provide you features like cross-context or third-party authentication, and to operate and improve our Services.
With your permission, we may also access your photo or camera roll.
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google unless in the following cases:
We perform regular vulnerability assessments of our systems and network.
To prevent unauthorized or unlawful use of the App.
If you decide to invite others to the site or Services, we will collect your and the other person’s names, email addresses, and/or phone number and will respond to your invitation.
For example, we need to collect your credit card and bank account details in order to process your payments for the Grindr Services.
With your consent, we may send push notifications to your mobile device.
It is necessary to protect your life, property and other major legitimate rights, but it is difficult to obtain your consent, or we have reason to believe that someone is or may be damaging or interfering with our rights and property; Other people are also entitled to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information; At this time, we may not be able to provide you with the necessary protection for personal safety and the health of another natural person.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of their rights.
You can enable or disable location services through your device settings.
For data protection requests, we will typically choose a format to provide your personal information.
Our information sharing practices with the categories of third parties in the category of personal information sold with a third party for the first time in our history.
We collect any information that you provide.
The expiration time or retention period applicable to persistent cookies depends on the purpose of the cookie collection and tool used.
Disclosures of content under this provision does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the Services by you.
We collect information from payment service providers that provide us with payment or balance information, or updates to that information.
We collect information from third-party advertising providers, including user ID and information on your interactions with advertising shown in video shows.
ParkWhiz.com is permitted to access and check digital content from the library's digital collection.
We track this click-through data to help us determine interest and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications.
we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.
You can prevent the processing of your data by turning off the automatic updating of the Steam User Account page and of Steam notifications in the "Account" section.
You can opt-out of our marketing communications.
you may request that we delete your Personal Data to opt out of such sharing.
Your Information is processed at the Company's operating offices and anywhere the parties involved in the processing are located.
We process your data to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
These advertising partners may be able to determine who their users are in common with.
For Employers, we collect Job Seeker Data, such as employment history, qualifications, educational qualifications and professional records, for our job boards and for any other information that you provide to us.
The right to opt out of our sale and sharing of your personal data.
We will also disclose information to a third party if we sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets.
You can [ withdraw your consent](https://umaxapp.com/privacy/).
If you opt-out as a Guest, your preferences will only apply to the device or browser where you made the choice.
Account Usage Data: Information about how users and their devices interact with the Services, such as who sent us messages and who they connected to.
Grindr will retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes.
You may request erasure for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.
**Modified on: October 1, 2022**
we’ll retain this data for longer periods of time for more accurate or consolidated purposes.
When you access or use our Services, your personal information may be processed in Singapore, the United States, or any other country in which we have facilities.
we do not sell, rent, share or disclose the personal information or personal health information of others for a fee without your prior consent.
We may use your personal information for customization and improve those services.
Performance Cookies may collect GeoIP or other identifiers, which may be considered personal data in some jurisdictions.
We disclose personal information to vendors to perform services on our behalf.
The above rights are subject to our being able to reasonably verify your identity and authority to make these requests.
We have separate privacy policies for workplace data.
We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis and depending on the retention laws applicable.
Prighter complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
you may withdraw this consent at any time and we will cease using your data for certain activities.
You can manage your Service account, communications you receive from us, and how we use your information.
Enable Members to search for and connect with Members
Use of Game Data is necessary to perform our contract with you to provide the Services.
We may also share aggregated and anonymous information.
The following applies to users who access, download and use our Services in any Member State of the European Union, and to the extent that your country does not have the same data protection laws as those in your jurisdiction.
We may disclose information to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
We cannot guarantee the security of our systems and your information.
The information is available to the general public.
To provide our games, to ensure the purchases are applicable in the Games, and to provide you with player support; * To enable us and our partners to deliver relevant content and interact with you, including to inform you about new services, features and communications with the Members, ensuring they are consulted before they make any decisions about whether you can receive game updates, security notifications, or other communications.
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures intended to protect your data.
You should change your password immediately.
Automated decision made in individual cases, including profiling
Fomo may share information aggregated and/or de-identified information.
We have no control over how any third-party site uses or discloses the personal information.
We use ad identifiers and similar technologies to collect data from your device.
You have the right to request that our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information be disclosed.
We will continue to evaluate and expand the Services, and we may make changes to it.
we will delete your Personal Data or substantially the personal data of your Child if you withdraw your consent on which our Child is based.
The third parties may use their own tracking technologies to collect or request information about you.
Canada-based legal basis for processing is legitimate interests for running our business, providing our services and services.
Subject to limited exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to access, update, correct and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control and to withdraw consent.
This Privacy Policy was last updated in  January 2023.
Tel.updates, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support messages.
We may collect Standard Network traffic information.
Telegram and Apps are not suitable for children.
We may retain your personal information for as long as you have an Account with us.
We do not control, supervise or stand surety for how the third parties process your personal data, that might be collected by their own means (not through our App).
We share your information with the parent of the other group.
We may not have access to information through cookies or other tracking technologies.
To track and analyze behavior of our App’s users, we use Firebase Enterprise to help us decide how to improve the app.
On the service, you can log in to the Service and enter the necessary changes in your account settings.
Sirius XM uses encryption, access logs, and system security to safeguard the confidentiality and security of all Member information.
We may use the information to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences.
California users can contact us at [nianticlabs@mattel163.com].
We keep your information as necessary to provide the Services to you.
You can connect your social media account or other third-party account to your Pins account.
Zoom may disclose information pertaining to an unaffiliated minor’s participation in an online meeting, for example, in order to ensure the safety and security of the child or complies with applicable laws.
We do not collect payment information through our Services.
We will not sell personal information of California users who we actually know are under the age of 16 unless we receive express authorization from California consumers between the ages of 13 and 16 (the "opt-in right").
You can unsubscribe from marketing emails and newsletters we send you through the opt-out link in the email.
We do not collect personal information from any person we actually know is under the age of 16 without the consent of the parent or legal guardian.
Personal information we share: Identifiers, Categories of Personal Information in Cal.Civ.Code Section 1798.80(e), Commercial Information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, Geolocation data, and Professional or employment-related information.
We may facilitate interactions with social media or other third-party platforms.
You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time. But you may not be able to use all portions of our Service.
We consistent experience across devices by linking devices and browser data.
Subscribe to our promotional information and we will enhance your experience with our business, products and services.
The purpose of collecting and processing information is to improve the business and the game for better operations.
You have the option to permit installation of such Cookies or subsequently disable them.
We collect data directly from you.
We employ appropriate security measures designed to protect your information.
OverDrive will store your address to providing you with your name, address, mobile phone number, and email address for your library.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
we collect information about the device(s) you use to access our services.
* operate, understand, customize, enhance, or improve our Sites, Applications, Products, Services and operations; * detect, investigate, and prevent fraud, abuse, security or technical issues; and * enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements.
We may disclose information to third parties to process your information on our behalf, or to assist us in providing our services and/or products.
To manage your Data Rights on the Subway in-vehicle application, please email [dpo@sybogames.com]
You have the right to confirm that we process your personal data and, where we do, access your Personal Data.
We are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or encryption measures contained on our Services, and any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We may share your personal information with related group companies of Record Group Companies.
We collect personal identifiers.
We may share your non-personal information with not-for-profit entities.
we collect your username and password, and other relevant information we request.
We also collect your voice data with your consent to use your microphone.
Planet Fitness may link to other websites that collect personal information.
third-party providers/contractors can only process your data on our behalf and do not use it for their own purposes.
Your services may also track information such as the URL that you visited before you came to the Services and the link to which you next go.
You can exercise your opt-out choices at the footer of our sites or by clicking the "Your Privacy Choices" link.
Your information will be shared with your SayHi contacts.
We use Device ID, Device Information to improve our services, including for security and verification purposes; Identify and address bugs and issues; Comply with legal obligations.
You may edit some of your personal data through your account or contact us to change, update, or fix your data.
Email us at support@flo.health to submit a support request.
California resident have certain rights regarding your personal information collected, including the right to know about, disclosed, or corrected.
We may share a common account identifier (such as a hashed email address or user ID) with our third-party advertising partners to help identify you across devices.
Protect you and others from fraudulent, malicious, deceptive, illegal, unethical, or unlawful activities.
Last updated: September 13, 2023.
We may receive information from cookies.
We do not allow interest-based advertising on portions of our services that are directed to children or where the user is a child under 16.
We protect your information against the loss, misuse, and alteration.
Notwithstanding the law, this right does not apply where it would prejudice the rights and freedoms of others.
You can appeal our denial of your rights by exercising specific rights set forth above.
we may collect metadata such as your IP address, as well as to prevent [ spam, abuse, and other violations of our Terms of Service]
Personal data that was stored in the user's contact will be deleted.
We also retain a device identifier and limited log information for up to three years after account deletion to support internal reporting, metrics, and research purposes.
We will send emails or text messages inviting that referral to another person, or provide you a link connecting you to that person.
In certain regions, we recognize an opt-out preference signal sent by your web browser as a valid request to opt out of certain advertising.
* Marketing and Promotions:** To allow Zoom and/or its third party marketing partners to market, advertise, and promote Zoom products and services, including through surveys and sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions.
We cannot promise that an Employer or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information as part of this policy.
For Employers and Employer representatives, we may process identification information and work-related information, as necessary to manage our relationship with you and your employer, in accordance with applicable law.
We will process your Personal Data as long as you use the Service.
Right to Opt Out.
Request deletion of your personal information through the Jiobit app by clicking on “Menu”, then ” Managing account and following the on-screen instructions, after which you may opt out using the in-app Privacy Setting.
deleting a message removes it for all participants.
Etermax Brand Gamification uses the information to  Allow its suppliers or business partners to use it.
We acquire, hold, use and process personal information for a variety of business purposes including management, development, maintenance, improvement and consultation; Fraud detection and prevention; Network and system security; General corporate operations;  Compliance with applicable foreign laws; Communications regarding your purchases; and  Non-targeted marketing and advertising.
We may temporarily suspend your use of the Service if there is a problem.
Facilitate your communication with friends and other players
We may retain information as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations, including to honor your choices, for our billing or records purposes and to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
we collect data from the data collected through the Service.
we may use your personal information for carrying out legal and business purposes.
We may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process.
our servers record information in HTML form, including cookies.
We do not knowingly collect personal information directly from children under 16 without parental consent.
Flo ApS CVR: 33858183 Holmens Kanal 7, 3., 1060 Copenhagen K
This Privacy Policy applies from January 1, 2023.
Device permissions for Personal Data access  include certain permissions from Users to access the User Data.
We assume no responsibility for third-party payment service providers’ use of information collected through any such service.
GitHub is stored beyond the session for the purpose of fraud prevention
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at [dpo@etermax.com].
We will process your Personal Data as long as you use the Service.
we do not sale personal information of minors
Under the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed Personal Information listed in Section 12(a) of the Nevada Revised Statutes, including the date, amount, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information.
if you clicked on an advertisement directing you to one of our Services, we will be provided with information about which advertising network and advertising campaign the install originated from.
You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning you is being transferred to a third country or to an international organisation.
We may obtain the age information from the user in their game.
These companies include, for example, technology providers that help us onboard our advertising services, and identity providers.
This includes encryption of data and use of identifiers, including identifiers.
AppChoices is not limited to opting-out for FSIM Services and may be used by anyone to limit the collection of cross-context data for interest-based advertising purposes by participating third parties.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on the automated processing.
Our legitimate interest is not overridden by your data protection interests or with your basic rights or liberties such as the right to data portability and restrict the use of your personal information.
We do not control the actions of those third parties, and their use of such information will be governed by their privacy policies.
you can turn push notifications off at the device level.
Feedback: June, 2023.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We may publicly post your reviews and comments online on our website or mobile applications or link your profiles to third-party websites.
To seek recourse for an unresolved concern, Visit JAMS' Privacy Shield commitment page.
we collect information from and about you and the device(s) you use.
We cannot guarantee the reliability of appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data.
Your information is processed by us or our service providers in different countries around the world.
Your activity on the Netflix service, such as title selections, shows you have watched, ratings, and activity in Netflix games;
To prevent, detect and fight fraud and other illegal or unauthorized activities.
Survey information is data about your use of the Service.
We will ensure that the personal data concerning you is treated securely and lawfully.
You can turn off push notifications by visiting the “options” page within the relevant games.
Proprio may be limited to the extent that Scopely is permitted or required by applicable law to retain your information.
You can disable the marketing offer via the communications section in your account.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit sensitive personal information under the CCPA.
We use the information to protect and defend the rights or property of the Company.
The App also may access metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your device.
You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if, in our discretion, it will result in the handling of your Personal Information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy.
To exercise your right to object to processing your data, you can contact the third party providing the data.
We may use the information for auditing, transactions, and other compliance activities.
If you do not consent to such transmission, use the chat function to refuse it.
You can opt-out of marketing communications.
We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
We retain certain data to protect you, other users, and others.
“Privacy Choices”: If you do not want to sell or share your personal information for targeted advertising (including mental health), you may opt out in the Supplemental Principles under California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia.
You may have certain rights with respect to your information depending on your location or residency.
Embedded ad networks may use the following tracking tools:
to opt out of email communications: click the “unsubscribe” link in the email or contact us at unsubscribe@scopely.com.
You may withdraw your consent for any data processing we do through you.
We retain your data for the duration of your account's active status or as necessary to provide you with our Services.
Your Personal Data may be transferred when the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale.
This section applies to any individuals located within the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, or any jurisdiction to which similar privacy laws apply,
For California residents, we will generally collect Personal Information only (where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you), where the processing is based on the execution of our contract and our consent.
* **Registration Information** : Information provided during registration for a webinar, meeting, Zoom Room, or recording hosted by the account owner.
Unearby inc. discloses access, disclosure, use or modification.
We will delete or de-personal data as reasonably possible in the following cases: a.When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information; b. When we stop operating our Service; c.The point when you request your data to be deleted; d. when a platform, such as Meta requires the deletion of your Open Platform Data at their discretion, either to protect you or as part of their compliance review; e. If required by applicable law or regulation.
Google Analytics helps people communicate across borders by detecting common language patterns in messages you ask.
Protecting against a potentially significant or ongoing risk, as required for the purposes of a joint venture, partnership, sale, reorganization, dissolution or similar event.
The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls, and information repository controls.
We’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any third-party service.
Flo may be obliged to disclose personal information if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is illegal or violates the law.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, or you would like to request the deletion of your data, please feel free to e-mail us at [privacy@centurygame.com]
Data protection laws in these countries may be different from those in your country of residence.
The Services do not collect this information in the ordinary course of providing it to us.
Your email address
We may use the information to send you news and/or marketing communications subject to your marketing preferences and choices.
Neither we nor our partners collect location information more than once per day without your explicit consent.
Some active browsers are enabled to send the precise geolocation of your device to Peloton.
we are not responsible for their services
We may share your information with others.
We have adopted commercially reasonable security measures designed to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration.
our main establishment postal address: Privacy Department Indeed Ireland Operations Limited Dublin – Block B, Capital Dock 80 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay Grand Canal Dock Dublin 2, D02 HE36 Ireland.
This is personally identifiable information that identifies a user.
Please check the “Privacy” link on that company’s website or contact us at [privacy@adp.com].
Complete your transaction
We may receive information about you contained in third-party user accounts when you use EA Online Services.
If you reject cookies, your ability to use some features or areas of our websites may be limited.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
ParkWhiz.com will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information.
we collect information from and about you and the device(s) you use.
We will use any such personal information only to validate the request.
We do not sell your personal information, services, contractors or agents for the provision of our services to you.
For some specific purposes, we have provided information on how you can opt-out of certain types of processing that we conduct.
And businesses that process personal data for their own purposes have a duty to ensure that their data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
An attendee agrees to become a Visitor during a webinar, depending on settings.
When you allow our Services to interact with any third party social network and/or platform, Etermax may share data about you with your contacts and other users of the Services, and vice versa.
We collect information that you provide by filling in forms in the App.
We typically receive the latitude and longitude of your device, as well as date and time and sensor data such as altimeter or compass data.
We may also use and disclose information about you that is not personally identifiable.
Lyft services often store your preferences in a cookie.
The personal data concerning you has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation under Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject.
“Cookies” are used to remember and/or obtain information about the user’s web browser or device.
We use your Personal Information to (a) help maintain the security and integrity of the Services, (b) detect, prevent, and protect you, our users, or others; (c) enforce our agreements with you; and (d) protect against fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity theft and other illegal activities.
We keep your information as long as you have an active account with us or as necessary to provide our Services.
If you are a Member, to download a copy of your personal information go to: [https://www.nbcuniversal.com/accounts/your-privacy-choices]
You may provide other information such as chat records, friends’ names and contact information, and location information.
By allowing your child to create a Member account and/or exercising certain privileges, you agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to use the Services.
We delete log files after a period of fourteen days.
You can exercise your right to access directly within the Service by [contacting us](https://support.onepeloton.com/hc/en-us).
It can provide useful information about specific trends at that time.
You may provide information directly when you create or access the Services.
Pinterest cookies enable us to recognize a browser’s cookie in order to learn the advertisement attract users.
We may also use third parties to collect and process this data on Indeed’s behalf, in connection with our operations to improve the Sites, protect our users, and optimize our services.
When you set up a profile for listening to music on a Sirius XM account, you provide us with personal data and commitments associated with that account.
The network does not deliver ads based on your web preferences and usage patterns.
Our Sites or Services may not function properly when you do not agree to our Cookie Policy.
You can exercise your right to delete by submitting a request.
If you have any concerns about our privacy practices, please email our Support team at support@flo.health.
Browse through the Site and use the different options or services that exist in it, such as, for example, controlling traffic and data communication, identifying the session, accessing parts of restricted access, using security elements during navigation, storing content for broadcasting videos or sound or sharing content through social networks.
We do not sell the personal information of Nevada residents.
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf.
Right to rectify, correct, upgrade, or delete personal data
You may provide information directly when you connect with or access our Services using a third-party ID or log-in.
learn more about how we use online tracking technology to conduct personalization, analytics, and targeted advertising, learn how you can opt out.
The right to request disclosures regarding Scopely’s information practices.
To submit such a request, please contact us using our Privacy Rights Request form and make sure you include the letter “R” in the subject line.
Virginia residents can request the correction of any of your personal information.
You can unsubscribe at any time in your device settings or in-app settings.
OverDrive may also use tools from third-party providers to collect and analyze non-personal data from your device.
You may object to our legitimate interests as the reason for our processing your personal information.
you may be able to request certain copies of your personal information or information about how we deal with data.
certain apps like the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), can assist you in exercising your behavioral advertising preference.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization.
Zoom works with third-party service providers to provide, support, and improve Zoom products and services and for business operations.
We may share data that has been aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized with advertising companies, analytics providers, and social media.
For more information about third party advertising, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative's website.
Right to access and/or disclosure of your personal data
You can access your personal data that we hold about you.
If you do not maintain the security of your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device after a security feature is enabled, subsequent users may be able to access your account, including your personal information.
Provide contextual advertising and limit how often you or your child sees a particular advertisement on those services.
We may transfer your personal information to countries or territories whose laws have the same as those in your country of residence.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the services will not work.
We will require you to prove your identity.
We will process your specific consent to carry out the processing for the purpose in question.
Administer contests, surveys, and sweepstakes you enter
We may update our Privacy Policy.
If you think someone has accessed your account without your permission, please email us at: the address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy. New text
Planet Fitness is not responsible for information or data transmitted to a third party as a result of a participant providing an incorrect phone number or email address.
Block, identify, investigate and prevent fraudulent, potentially prohibited or illegal activity, including anti-fraud, safety or security measures.
Demographic data we collect through automatic data collection technologies
Some mobile devices bring a resettable advertising ID so that we and our service providers can authenticate your access to the mobile device.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically.
You may request to delete or restrict access to your personal data.
When you provide information to us about your travel companions or other individuals (if applicable), you confirm that you have the authority to act on your behalf.
All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world.
The Service Providers and other parties include verifying ID, insurance partners, financial services, marketing providers, Twitter, Inc., for other businesses.
We cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted over the Internet.
We retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
We use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and guests.
we automatically collect Identifiers.
To collect, store, preserve and use your personal information through cloud-based or device services or a third party provider of your choice, as necessary for business purposes, to comply with legal obligations, or for reasons of important public interest.
Local storage allows data about your browser or device to be stored locally on your device or browser.
Information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy may be disclosed to one or more third parties in connection with any acquisition or merger made or conducted by YouVersion.
When you sign up for one of these programs, we may ask you to provide your contact details, collect information about your activities on our Platform and/or your device, and allow us to communicate with you.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information or one has been terminated, we will either delete such information.
GPC signals may be interpreted as a request to limit the sale or sharing of personal information for targeted advertising for residents of the European Economic Area, the UK, and Brazil.
To detect, prevent and resolve technical issues.
we may ask your permission to publicly post certain information on the Services identifying you as the recipient.
Instacart sometimes features content and advertisements for our products and services on our own and third-party websites and mobile apps.
You cannot use all the features available on our Sites by blocking third-party cookies.
Visiting your device’s support team, help you manage whether or how you can manage cookies on your browser.
Analyze information received from advertising and analytics partners:
Your Services may offer options for you and other users to post or otherwise submit information, photos, videos, graphics, creative suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information about how you use or interact with the Services, any ratings or other information you provide, and where applicable.
We will notify you of your incorrect Personal Information once your account has been terminated by a data breach.
Our legitimate interest for this processing is our interest to promote our Service in a reasonably targeted way.
We will provide you with a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to the third parties.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional communications by following the instructions or “unsubscribe” to the SMS messages.
You can learn more about how to delete your account in [our Help Center article](https://support.github.com/contact/forms/5349453268877-How-do-I- delete-your-account).
We will not be able to provide you with our Services without certain data.
We also allow [individuals] to collect information from your device or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
Etermax Brand Gamification collect Specific information to process an order, for customer service purposes, to make a delivery or for billing purposes.
We only collect personal information for the purposes described above.
By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age or have had the parent or guardian’s consent to such minor sharing of the minor's personal information.
With your consent, we collect or we may share information about your use of our Services over time to enable you to use online services, websites, apps, or other similar services.
We may review, scan, or analyze your communications on the Airbnb Platform for reasons outlined in the “How We Use Information” section of this policy.
To cross-context advertising and marketing and to send push notifications for changes to our Services, to allow you to participate in new features of our services when you choose to do so.
We may collect the content you create, upload, modify, or access through the Services.
We may share your personal data with unaffiliated third parties with their own business and advertising purposes.
We and our partners use various tools to collect information when you visit our sites and Services.
Information discussed in this Privacy Policy is collected and controlled by Super Free Games in the United States.
We may share your personal information, including Sensitive Personal Information, with appropriate law enforcement bodies, agencies, public authorities, court orders, legal processes, to protect the security or integrity of our Services, or to perform other targeted marketing or advertising activities.
we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party.
You will be required to submit PII to OverDrive.
We also use third-party advertising companies to serve and run ads on certain parts of our Sites.
We may also disclose your information if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activity; (2) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public; or (3) to protect against legal liability.
Hubble Email: [help@moonactive.com]
you may choose to opt in to receiving push notifications.
The information shared with these third parties may be used for industry analysis, ad targeting, tracking, demographic profiling, or other purposes related to providing the Services.
We may also receive information about you when other players choose to share their contact lists with us or from publicly-available websites.
FSIM may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the FSIM Services.
For California residents, see the additional information and rights available to consumers in certain states.
When advertisers or other partners serve ads or services to the App, they may use cookies or similar technologies.
We shall take reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information and to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the personal information.
If you have questions or concerns about the Platform, this Privacy Policy, the personal information we hold about you, or exercising your data protection rights, please write to [dotorgmail@sesame.org].
We cooperate with third-party service providers and business partners to deliver and enhance our services, and we may share your information with them.
we will protect the information.
NBCUniversal Services may provide additional details on their data retention practices.
Your information is transferred outside of your home country where the data protection standards may require the recipient to comply with the privacy regulations of the transferring country.
We may request certain information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to their information.
We may automatically collect certain information about you, including your IP address, device information for the computer, mobile device or other device.
To do so, Niantic will need to provide certain Personal Data about the Child to Nintendo in accordance with the Nintendo Privacy Policy.
If you use our Services, we will still collect some personal data about you and process it according to this Privacy Policy.
You have the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights under certain laws.
Personal information shared by account owners and users with third-party apps and integrations is collected and processed in accordance with the App’s terms and privacy policies, not X.
Airbnb may disclose personal data or other information we collect about you to enforce anti-legal process.
Facilitate your communication with friends and other players
We may collect your image or likeness if you visit our studios and/or participate in live events.
Airbnb’s business partners, both provide important services to us as well as have the right to sell individual data to third parties for certain purposes.
Log file information is automatically reported each time you make a request to access the App.
We will update the Effective Date and post a notice on the Services.
Dream Games processes your personal data to provide the Services by downloading, accessing and/or playing our games or using our other services.
The shared information will remain associated with your Indeed profile until you modify or delete it.
The bot has access to messages, which can see what has been made in the group.
You may be able to access, modify, and/or correct certain personal and other information.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or any complaints about our compliance with it, please contact our Data Protection Officer, Cayman.K.
Last updated: May 19, 2023.
Resume Privacy Policy: https://www.nbcuniversal.com/privacy-statement.
Payment Transaction Info may provide aggregated statistical data to third-parties about how, when, and where users visit our Sites and use our Services.
some services are handled in countries that do not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and may obtain information related to your identity and/or your use of our Services.
Moon Active may share your Personal Data in additional ways, pursuant to your explicit consent, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
We process certain personal data to protect your vital interests.
The information collected may be used to:
We collect information you provide when you create, send, or receive messages through the Platform.
You have the right to ask Dream Games to correct or complete your personal data if it is wrong or incomplete.
Califonia residents may request a list of certain third parties to which we have disclosed certain personal information about them for the third party’s direct marketing purposes.
o change or block the transmission of your device registration and other device data.
If you delete all cookies, you will need to reset your opt-out preferences.
If you consent, we may disclose your information to non-affiliated third parties in order to provide services or products that you have requested and/or purchased.
We'll give you the option to sell your personal information at any time.
OverDrive may collect and store certain PII and non-PII related to your interactions and use of our Services, including but not limited to, IP address, device type and device ID, etc.
Fomo may transfer several Personal Information internationally to its business partners and service providers for the legitimate business purposes.
With other services, at your direction.
The personal data are used for other purposes.
Those services target advertisements on third-party websites based on their settings.
We automatically collect device data.
=
Your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will be subject to the revised Privacy Policy.
After the expiry of this period, the IP address and the log files are deleted completely unless this information must be retained to comply with compulsory legal obligations or unless specific investigations by law enforcement authorities or misuse investigations are pending.
We sometimes ask you to provide proof of identity or age in order to use certain features, or when you apply for a job at Capital One, to ensure the security of your account.
You can help maintain the security of your account by configuring two-factor authentication(https://support.github.com/contact/changes).
Advertising Vendors use various technologies on the Services to collect and use information, to serve relevant ads, and to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
We collect, record, process, analyze, and store any and all activities you take on the Site and on any [affiliated sites].
The third parties with whom we share your personal information include those parties listed in the prior version of this Privacy Policy.
We urge parents to regularly monitor and supervise their children's online activities.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVO Privacy Policy may be revised, amended, or amended by the Third Party.
We may ask for access to your camera in case you want to use certain features of our services.
We collect Financial Information.
We use personal data to manage our relationships and agreements with account owners and others.
We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services.
We may build features that help users engage with text and video content.
We also may obtain information about you from third parties.
You may allow other companies to provide analytics regarding your use of our Services.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals.
We may detect your general location from your device, so as to automatically show you the weather nearby.
We cannot guarantee commercially acceptable means absolute security.
Instacart may collect and use information to monitor and analyze use of the Service and to enable us to analyze traffic and trends, identify and fix errors, and provide you with reports and valuable information.
Bluetooth tags enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read, and they tell us whether the mail has been opened.
We may remove your profile and user content from public view, but may keep other information confidential.
For business transactions necessary provided certain information is covered by certain limitations.
Comply with legal requirements and/or investigate or address claims or disputes relating to your use of the Services.
We may also carry out checks to verify your identity before taking any action with your personal information.
if you want further information regarding the purpose and scope of the data collection and processing, you can request also through the privacy-dept @ indeed.com, also known as the “Privacy Dashboard”.
California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Utah residents may authorize another person or entity to submit an access or deletion request on your behalf.
It may be easier for us to help you connect with your friends and contacts if we have your contact list information.
We may amend this Policy.
PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC Attn: Privacy Department 10300 W. Charleston Blvd, Suite 13272 Las Vegas, NV 89135
This information enables third-party AD networks to deliver targeted, personalized ads.
If you manually deactivate your account, all your progress in our games and any unused virtual items will be lost, and we may not be able to restore them in the future.
Your information will be provided directly to the owner or operator of the third-party service or that is collecting by that service as described in this Privacy Policy.
You can contact our DPO by sending an email to privacy-dept @ indeed.com for your data protection rights.
Protect our Platforms and User Rights, including:
You can choose whether the appropriate setting in the notification Service or by giving your consent.
Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia or Utah have the following rights:
The technologies and third-party services may gather or record your activities when using our services.
we will erase the information collected from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent.
We may decide to expand our Services from time to time with additional content and better understand your use of the Services.
When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect device information.
We do not "sell" or "share” personal information of consumers under the CCPA.
Follow the prompts
To develop and serve advertisements
You may also request a copy of your personal data collected during your use of the App at [support@brainimpulse.me].
We may use cookies, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Service.
We use the categories of personal information listed above in the "User Privacy Statement" for the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy, plus any associated information you choose to provide to our customer service teams or designated contacts.
WhatsApp may collect your delivery address information.
we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests.
We will provide an additional notice if any significant changes are made, via any of the communication means.
Last updated: April 30, 2023.
We use your Personal Information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services via different channels.
Your choice of your privacy preferences in your Member account’s privacy & cookies page.
We may collect non-financial donation information from digital distribution platforms.
We and partners work with third parties to collect information from the device you use to interact with our Site.
You can file a complaint with the national authority of the country of your habitual residence for the protection of personal data protection.
You can provide us with personal data and demographic information, such as your date of birth, gender and time zone.
If you are located outside the United States, you must be over the age required by the laws of your country to create an account or otherwise use the Services, or we will have your personal information deleted.
The services may collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by our app’s users, as well as when they interact with us.
We have these cookies to better understand the use of our Website for parents.
Niantic must collect images of your government-issued ID, your ID number or other [verifiable] information to verify your identity.
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each site that collects information from you.
When you visit the Capital One portion of the website, we collect the personal information that you provide to us in connection with your job application.
Prior to providing this information, we must ensure we cannot provide the service.
You can choose “block all cookies” in Safari’s Privacy Settings.
Dow Jones Digital Studios automatically collects information about your use of the Platforms to help us improve our services or for other purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use Secure Flight Passenger Data to secure your country; * Your personal information, such as your name, nationality, country of residence, telephone number, email address, reading and writing preferences, among other information in your checked-in luggage.
We also use your information as permitted by law.
We may receive your information and your membership from third parties to enhance our Services.
We may share Your information with Our business partners.
we may use the personal data to provide you with personalized pricing when making a reservation.
Adress: https://www.ouronline.com/privacy/our-online-companions.
You can correct any inaccurate personal information.
You may provide us with contact, account, and profile information.
We may use the information to provide you with products, promotions, services, announcements, and information.
You may follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each email to prevent receiving emails from us.
We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services that you connect to your Life360 account, or from publicly available information and organizations.
Poshmark may collect health information if you choose to share it with us.
We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need to perform services for us.
submit a request to correct inaccuracies in their personal information by logging in to their account and editing the information therein.
PRIVO regularly discloses IP addresses posted on this page and has agreements with Etermax, Inc. that Members should submit a complaint to JAMS regarding misuse and HIPAA privacy rights.
Persistent changes to ParkWhiz's Privacy Policy will always be posted in this version of the policy.
The networks use the information to show you advertisements on our services or other third-party websites and apps.
you may have the right to contact the applicable supervisory authority.
By using or accessing the Application, our website, or Apps, you acknowledge and accept the practices and terms contained in this Privacy Policy.
This allows us to analyze web traffic patterns and run scripts to optimize web pages and visits against important metrics.
we may share data with credit bureaus and similar entities to help us provide you with the services you have requested.
You may contact us by emailing us at [privacy@nianticlabs.com].
We will promptly delete information that we have collected personal data from a child under the age of 13.
OverDrive is stored locally on your device, it is unable to access any documents or to any third party.
We use the information we receive about you from other sources to * administer necessary activities; * provide you with information about our services ; * improve the services we provide.
You may have the right to ask Dream Games to restrict the use of your personal data under certain circumstances.
Anyone can become public otherwise after you remove it from X.
If you use features that relate to payment, including Rewards, you may access payment information in our [Payments Service] or the [Network Advertising Initiative] in accordance with applicable laws.
To exercise a request, please write to us at the email address set forth in “Contact Us” section below
We also use “cookies” or similar technologies to obtain log data.
Planet Fitness is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites.
You may manage your communication preferences in your profile on [Your Profile].
Resolve our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements
California users under 18 may request that we remove the content from our services.
we may use your device’s camera to provide virtual features.
California residents can limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to only the uses necessary to provide our Products and Services.
We retain your information for as long as necessary to provide you and our other users the best experience
Preventing of your information loss
Nickname may include your username or device ID and the fact that you made a purchase,but does not include any financial information.
follow the "unsubscribe" link in the email or reply STOP (or as otherwise instructed) to the text message.
Your email address will be publicly available when you share information connected from your social network accounts.
information may be transferred to and maintained on  computers where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
You need to opt-out separately in each device if you use more than one device.
We and our service providers may also collect other information based on your location and your device’s visibility to “Do Not Track” signals.
You enter your credit card details into a transaction that will be processed by the payment service provider.
We will process your information if the collection is solely for public, commercial, or educational purposes.
the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you cancel all of your subscriptions.
You may also download the [Waze AppChoices] tool to help control interest-based advertising on apps on your mobile device.
You may request us to restrict the disclosure of your personal information, or we have obtained your express consent.
When you order any good or service through the Services, including any virtual currency or virtual good, we collect certain non-financial transaction information related to these purchases.
We require that any service provider process your personal information only on our behalf and for purposes consistent with this policy.
You may change this permission in your app settings.
Apple may collect the information about your activity with family and friends.
When you consent, we process this information to provide relevant content and advertisement based on your location.
using Cookies and other online tracking technologies, we automatically collect information.
Etermax may update this Privacy Policy from time to time,
you can withdraw it.
We collect personal data about you when you interact with the Services.
(1) sending an email to info@feelthemusi.com; or (2) writing to us.
We will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services.
With your express or implied consent, you acknowledge that we may transfer your information.
You have the right to request access to certain information we hold about you, * update or correct your information, opt out of targeted advertising, restrict the way we collect, and object to the processing of your personal information.
The information we collect is the information of a flight booking, including the price of the ticket purchased and the date of birth.
For the further processing of the transmitted event data, the above images are the sole controller.
We do not collect health or medical information, which may include some privacy-related information.
LiveRamp may change this Privacy Statement from time to time for a variety of reasons, including to comply with new laws and regulations, to cover new features and functionality, and to increase transparency.
you may be unable to use some portions of our Service without the acceptance of the amended terms.
Should your account be deleted, we keep some data for a longer period of time but for very limited purposes.
We use the information to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer.
We follow the opt-out principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), the Online Advertising Initiative (NAI), and the European Interactive Advertising Network (EEA).
It is in our legitimate interest to protect our interests by investigating game use to detect fraud or any other user behaviour which compromises the integrity of our services.
Effective as of June 23, 2023.
Information in your Submissions may become public and can be read, collected, or used by others.
You can also submit a customer support request through our support website or email us at [privacy@nianticlabs.com].
Theme features need cookies.
This Policy applies to the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you:
OverDrive may use network-related or other information to recognize your device.
Some browsers or plug-ins use a Global Privacy Control (“GDPR”) that you can learn more about here [here].
You can [learn more about Google Analytics here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout), and opt out here.
with regards to these services, Indeed may give you feedback.
You can contact us at support@corecoders.com to delete your account and/or all of your data.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to our collection and processing of your sensitive personal information by turning off and ceasing to use YouVersion features or by changing your device settings.
the data is used to optimise the Services and to ensure the security of our IT systems.
Users may also require the provision of additional steps.
By providing your personal data to us, you consent to process your information in accordance with the terms described in this Privacy Policy.
We may deny requests as long as we have valid grounds.
If you elect to connect your Amazon account to your Game account, we will collect an authentication token provided by Amazon.
If you are located in the European Union, you must be 16 years of age or older to access and/or use the Services.
Go to your default Ad Network, so you can send hints and reminders during travel.
some services are handled in countries that do not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and may obtain information related to your identity and/or your use of our Services.
if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement without your consent, the advertiser may assume that you have disclosed your personal information.
we will delete your account data within 45 days.
We collect your subscription status.
You may choose to block cookies with your web browser, if you do not wish to log in to Telegram.
you contest the accuracy of the personal data; the processing is unlawful
When you use the Services, we may collect information about you as using our Contact form, through use of our Social Media Network.
Your IP address will not be combined with other Google data.
to infer additional information about you.
If you have general questions about your account or how to contact customer service for assistance, please visit our online help center at [help.netflix.com]
We use your information to set up and maintain your Registration.
We retain your personal information only as long as required to perform the services or other purpose for which it was collected.
Cookies and similar technologies are used in our Cookie Policy.
We may share information if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our User Agreement and/or required by public health authorities.
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and/or devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and tailored advertising.
we will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area.
we may not delete all your data except if certain exceptions apply.
You can withdraw your consent.
we collect your personal information for our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
We do not collect sensory data.
You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by affiliates of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), and the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA).
This Usage Data includes device identifiers such as IP address, IDFA, and AdID.
we may disclose information to third parties in an aggregated or derivative format that does not allow the identification of individual users.
Zoom may collect, use, and share such information, for the public at all times.
Zoom does have access to email metadata for basic email delivery, specifically, email addresses in the last 12 months, time, and calendar year.
you have a right to move, copy or transfer the data that you have provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format from our database to another one.
You can also submit your request to opt-out using our web form.
Axes may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for free activities.
you can opt out of receiving advertisements based on your device’s settings.
You also have the right to complain to a data protection authority.
WhatsApp allows us to operate the application more efficiently.
We rely on legal transfer mechanisms like standard contractual clauses.
Sometimes the law, government entities, or other regulatory bodies may impose demands and protections on us with respect to the products and services.
You may [exercise], correct, or delete your Personal Data in your account settings.
Protecting communications and interactions with you to ensure the quality of our support services, appropriate language and a compliance with our laws.
We will use information to identify the third-party AD network that displayed the mobile ad for us.
If you make such a request, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can establish compelling legitimate grounds.
Thrive Data may include hardware model, operating system and version, device ID, mobile network information, and application usage statistics.
At your direction, if you are under the age of sixteen in the EEA and you require use under any of the UK local laws, you must use the Sites with your parent or legal guardian in order to exercise the rights.
Fomo does not directly identify Personal Data.
Opting out does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you.
we may retain your personal data longer to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Teams do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
We use your personal information for providing customer support to you and to respond to your concerns.
You can change the setting for this feature in your account page.
Clicking the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Recipients sent to or received from non-LinkedIn users are encrypted before the email is sent or requested by Zoom.
We use the data we have about you, to personalize our services, and to provide you with interest-based advertising.
We infer new information from other data we collect, including using automated means to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics (“inferences”).
We provide links to more information about vendors’ privacy practices and any available opt-out choices.
The technology services may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies to collect such usage information.
We do not offer an opt-out right to the sale of personal data.
You have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about the treatment of your personal data.
We may allow companies to collect information through our online services in order to provide marketing services to you.
We may also disclose your information to comply with the law, enforce our Site policies, or protect ours, our users or others’ rights, property or safety.
you could limit or prevent the use of cookies in your web browsers.
By using our Sites, by applying for membership, or by using a Member, you are consenting to this Privacy Policy.
You can access and adjust your marketing subscriptions from your account dashboard, or contact us.
To maintain your privacy, you may exercise certain rights regarding your information.
Collect your information where we need it to perform a contract with you.
You can turn off push notifications by visiting the “options” page within the relevant games.
We collect Commercial information.
Since most web browsers automatically accept cookies, the decision of whether to accept or not is your responsibility.
With your consent, we and our service providers will use precise location and other non-personally identifiable data to provide you with relevant ads.
Your messages are stored on your device and not saved on our servers.
Closing on those links may allow the third party to collect or share data about you.
You should also take steps to protect yourself, especially online.
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store information.
If you do not accept this Policy, you shall stop using Question.AI.
we process information about [ requests to remove content](https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/3405269) from our services under this Privacy Policy.
We use Personal Data to facilitate your access to the Services, to manage your account and subscriptions, for personalized service offerings, and to send you information about your in-app communications.
You have the right to be informed about those recipients.
We may disclose your personal information to  you.
If you do not allow these cookies, some of the Services may not be available.
We collect  IP address, unique device identifiers, bundle identifier, device serial numbers, and similar identifiers.
PCI-DSS uses Google Analytics as a Third Party Provider.
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites, applications or services linked to or from Axis 360.
Under California law, you can include your email address, name, username, phone number, a short biography, your personal website, and other personally identifiable information that you choose to provide us with or include in your account.
you could limit or prevent the use of cookies in your web browsers.
You may update, review or correct your Costco membership information by accessing your password through the “My Account” section of the Sites.
You may also contact Consumer Services or our Privacy Officer at: ​privacy@adp.com, one of our privacy office at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium.
ADP has adopted Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) for the international transfer of data and business contact data.
Clicking 'privacy dashboard' or clicking the link in our website banner or emailing us at our Privacy Dashboard or Tile.
we store such data until instructed to delete it by the Controller.
We only work with companies that follow this Privacy Policy and agree to use your information for any other purposes.
You can instruct the deletion of your account in the Services to proceed.
You can delete your account, or remove certain personal information.
We are allowed to use your personal data when it is necessary to do so for the performance of our contract with you.
You can contact us at privacy@insider-inc.com to opt out of us sharing your hashed email address for Matched Ads.
You can hide your lending history.
You have control over how your email address is used and shared with other Users on and through our Service.
Your profile is visible to other Sayhi users, including by means of notifications on the service.
you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it.
Opt-out Rights.
We use data, including user provided personal information, aggregate information collected through the use of YouVersion, public feedback, and information inferred from such data to conduct statistical analysis and reporting.
In accordance with our [Privacy Information Removal Policy], requests by contributors to delete personal data generally require notification and action by the repository owner.
Ths information collected may include unique identifiers.
Instacart uses your data for Product Research, our data backup system and may be hosted in the USA.
When you visit our website, we place cookies on your computer.
We share information with our service providers.
You may also request details of the third parties that we have disclosed the incorrect or incomplete personal data to.
Waze does not sell, rent or lease your personal information to third parties.
We are only required to respond to two requests per customer within a year.
The social services may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.
You have the right to receive a copy of information we process on the basis of consent or contract.
We host Personal Information in environments that use firewalls, encryption and other industry-standard technologies to prevent interference or access from outside intruders.
we pursue our audience size and usage trends.
We are not responsible for their information collection practices.
You may be asked to provide contact information, a description of the problem you are experiencing, and any other information that would be helpful in resolving an issue.
We collect information to * Comply with the requirements of our publisher, library, and retail partners; * Alert you of opportunities to renew loans, return checks, checkout digital content on which you’ve placed a hold, to estimate the number of holds and to provide you with offers and promotions for titles that are similar to those you have already placed (e.g., your library may have collected your name, date of birth, gender, email address, telephone number, locale, language of your device, referring and exist pages and URLs, time and date, amount of time spent on particular pages, products or services, applicable geographic location, for example, on areas of the United States that provide less protection for biodiversity, COVID-19
We will post any modifications or changes to this Privacy Policy on this page.
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support, and market our Service.
SYBO takes steps to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your personal information and take steps in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
depending on what Partner services you use, we may share information:
We will only do so where we have your consent.
You can manage your rights to opt-out of interest-based advertising, by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative's (NAI)(https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online- advertising/) page.
You can request that we correct any information on your account.
We may disclose your information to enforce applicable terms of service.
Deletion of your Personal Data does not affect messages we process in connection with their use of our Site, and they may continue to have access to all messages sent to or received from you.
No security can be guaranteed as secure as our efforts.
You can unsubscribe from the promotion by updating your settings.
You can make a complaint to your data protection authority.
You can also contact us at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, US, NBCUniversal Legal Department Attn: Chief Privacy Officer.
We will show you promotional offers and information about gameplay, which will be based on gameplay data and in-game interactions.
Duration and frequency of useEvaluations
To set up and maintain your Account, if you opted into and participated in the Service, you will be responsible for managing your registration information, as well as providing features.
If you participate in online services, we may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display your personal and/or demographic data regarding your game play and achievements.
Providing you customized content;
We will be required to provide certain information to payment processing service provider (if you purchase a product through them) pursuant to their privacy policy.
You can also complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
You can also exercise the right by contacting us at [dataprivacy@mattel163.com].
We authorize third-party online advertising networks, social media companies and other third parties to collect information about your use of our online services over time to enable them to play or display ads.
provide localized content;
Opting out cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the update on the third-party website.
When you view or interact with ads we serve information about those ads or interactions.
You will make choices about our use and processing of your information when you first engage with YouVersion and/or participate in the “Your Choices” feature.
After a business transaction, they are no longer allowed to use or disclose your personal information for any other purpose unless you provide consent.
We need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation to provide your personal information, so we can respond to your requests.
Fandango is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties.
We may collect and use certain information about you, some of which may be personal data in accordance with your request.
We collect information provided directly by you or a member of your household.
It does not permit direct association with any specific individual, and we may access it only in aggregated form.
When you place an order through our website, you are required to provide your name, address, e-mail address and payment information.
An organization can receive information like your name and payment address from the organization to fulfill the delivery.
Users of our Services understand the exercise of their rights relating to the transfer of data to a third party will be in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
You can opt out of all third-party targeted advertisements by using the device-based opt-out tools on your device.
We also rely on you to keep your account information and other personal information secure by keeping your password confidential and taking precautions to protect others' rights.
When your user ID is linked to your Facebook account, Facebook may use your device information in association with categorized data in its databases.
Improve and develop our products and services including to develop new services or features, and conduct research.
we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device or website you want to use to download an app or view a video.
FSIM Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality, or we are legally obligated to retain for longer periods.
We may also obtain information from third parties and combine that information with information we collect through our services.
we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience.
You can contact us at [privacy@spotify.com] if you believe our processing of data related to your use of the Services violates applicable data protection laws.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with Services provided by others.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Contact information: privacy@privacyportal.com
We will continue to evaluate and change this Privacy Policy.
Some third party websites do not store your browsing activities.
Airbnb may share audio data with this purpose only if the other data is shared with it.
“Opt out” of advertising cookies placed by participating companies in the U.S. and therefore limit the tracking of your online activity and the availability of third-party advertising partners.
Californian residents also have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights under the CCPA.
We will address the relevant issue with you or that other person.
To send promotional materials, including by email or text, to our affiliates and trusted third parties.
Without such information, Telegram cannot provide complete functionality of the App and perform the requested services.
We collect business information.
You can opt out of financial incentives for direct marketing.
We use Facebook custom audiences to serve ads to our customers on Facebook and social media.
Advertising Cookies enable us to understand your interests so that we can show you relevant offers and direct you to more personalized advertising.
you may have the right to withdraw your consent.
Adopting you to Budge Studios' website as well as communications and events, may include advertisements informing you about new products, features and enhancements, special offers, promotional opportunities, and further information.
We retain transactional information for at least 7  years to ensure we can perform legitimate business functions.
If you submit a deletion request against your Employer account, we will only delete your Personal Data.
We use the information to send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support messages.
You also have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your personal data, for example by turning off camera access in your mobile device settings.
social plugins and similar technologies allow you to share information;
We may change our Privacy Policy that supplements our rights to use personal information, or if we decide to process your personal data for a business purpose.
Personal data provided to Dream Games is stored on servers located in secured facilities and protected by protocols and procedures to ensure confidentiality.
Please be aware that we do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law.
If your booking is made through or by third parties, we will consider those people to be authorized to provide your personal information.
