We collect information on links you interact with across our services.
sign-in to make your selection to have your preferences apply across all Nike apps and devices.
You may also have the right to object to or request that we restrict certain processing.
When you request the deletion of your personal data, we will make reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
Following the closure of your Account, we may retain personal information where required by law or where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so.
The public persona name you have chosen to represent you on Steam and your Avatar picture are accessible this way, and whether you have received a ban for cheating in a multiplayer game.
Grindr shares Personal Information with third-party partners to bring you the Grindr Properties, such as Service Providers, Ad / Marketing Partners, and Other Partners that support the Grindr Properties and with whom you may provide Personal Information directly.
The Personal Data we collect and process may vary, depending on how you use our Sites.
We may collect your username, profile picture and other information associated with your account on that third-party service based on your account settings.
We do not maintain or control the opt-out mechanisms and settings below and are not responsible for their operation.
You may receive push notifications when using the mobile app.
We use the collected data to notify you about changes to our Service.
You should provide us enough information to verify your identify.
Please note that we do not currently sell any personal information of any such consumer.
We may also disclose personal data to banks and similar entities to transfer device financing agreements regarding your device financing.
If you wish to unsubscribe from electronic messages providing news, promotions, special offers and other information from Costco, regarding Costco, Costco Affiliates and selected partners, you may do so at any time by visiting Costco.ca and setting your Communication Preferences.
we may share your Personal Information with companies that offer co-branded services or products.
We also disclose the categories of personal information listed above for business purposes.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password and for any activities or actions.
We may use your personal data to create aggregated and/or anonymous data.
We will also update our [Site Policy repository](https://github.com/github/site-policy/), which tracks all changes to this policy.
When we may transfer personal data outside of Europe,we rely on appropriate or suitable safeguards , including adequacy decisions and standard contractual clauses.
The use and disclosure of anonymous information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy.
To exercise a request, please write us at the email or postal address set out in “Contact Us” section
Your email address will be used for marketing communication and newsletter distribution with your consent.
We do not control these third-parties and disclose your information.
Your running routes are set to private by default, which means that only you can see them in your workout history.
Therefore, if you do not allow access to your album or text inputs, we may not be able to offer you this feature.
We collect your profile information and the information you provide when you create servers.
You can “opt out” of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) online behavioral advertising member networks, thus limiting the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising.
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information.
In Australia, we will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes of marketing Life360 Products and Services or the services of third- party organizations where you have consented to us doing so, or as otherwise permitted by law.
In the case of children under 13, as applicable, we will obtain a parent or legal guardian's verifiable consent prior to the collection of personal information from such users, unless the collection of such information falls within an exception that is permitted under COPPA or other applicable data protection laws.
You can disable access to your calendar at any time in your device settings.
If you have opted out of receiving ads on Walmart.com previously and would like to opt out of ads that are provided by Walmart on sites outside of Walmart, please resubmit an opt-out request on this [Ad Preferences page].
We will disclose information to a third party in the event that we sell or buy any business or undergo a merger.
The recipients of such information may be located in any country where Peloton has a place of business and additional territories where our suppliers and partners may transfer data, details of which can be provided upon request.
Click each partner’s name for more information regarding their privacy practices.
Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
We may also decline aspects of deletion or access requests if it would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes.
We Comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
We may also share information with advertising partners, in a limited form that can't be easily read by humans.
Access to all personal information is strictly controlled.
For EU specific questions, please email us at euprivacy@insider-inc.com.
You are responsible for ensuring your sharing of this information with us is compliant with applicable laws.
We have ”sold”/“shared”  Internet or other electronic network activity information to third parties.
Depending on where you reside, you may have additional rights, including those listed below in the sections called “Additional Information for Residents of the EEA, United Kingdom, Switzerland, and Brazil” and “Additional Information for Residents of California, Virginia, Connecticut, Utah, and Colorado.”
We use cookies and other similar technologies to enhance your experience of the Games.
You can choose to turn off personalized ads.
If we deny your request, we will notify you and provide our reasons for the denial and instructions.
We share your personal data with our subsidiaries, third-party service providers, vendors and licensors, other Sirius XM users, and unaffiliated third-party business relationships.
Engaging Media LLC will ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and we won't transfer your Personal Data to an organization or a country without adequate controls in place.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction.
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site.
Depending on your account Settings, it may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google's services and the advertising that Google serves.
The ads may be based on your activities.
We may deny Your deletion request if make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which You provided it.
You may have the right to file a complaint with a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
Authentication services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal data with us.
I understand that at any time I can unsubscribe from receiving further emails by clicking the unsubscribe option at the bottom of the email.
You may unsubscribe from our emails.
You cannot use Certain features if block all cookies.
We collect many different types of information from cookies and other technologies.
Additionally, if you are unable to access certain personal data we have via the means described above, you can request access by contacting us as described at the bottom of this privacy statement.
Most of this data comes directly from you.
You may demand that the Controller erase the personal data if following reasons applies:
If You are an employee, past employee, or prospective employee, please see HEALOW’s employee privacy notice for information concerning who to contact if You have an unresolved privacy or data use concern.
In many cases, declining cookies will impair the effectiveness of web beacons associated with those cookies.
We may receive information from public databases, platform manufacturers, analytics providers, game developers, and other business partners and Take-Two group of companies.
We use this information to provide you Personalized advertising and evaluate marketing results.
We may disclose your Personal Data when it is necessary to Safeguard the personal safety of Service users or the general public.
We may limit your individual rights requests: (a) where denial of access is required or authorized by law; (b) when granting access would harm other's privacy; (c) to protect our rights and properties; and (d) where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
You may visit certain websites to learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of this form of advertising on your web browser by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) self-regulatory program.
You choose to give us certain information when using our services.
When you message with a business on WhatsApp, keep in mind that the content you share may be visible to several people in that business.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland, your personal information may be processed outside of those regions, including in the United States.
You may have additional choices depending on your residence.
We may collect your precise geolocation (GPS) information from your device or browser.
access to your rights may be denied: (a) when denial is required or permitted by law; (b) when granting access would have a negative impact on another's privacy; or (c) to protect our rights and properties.
We often use the results of this processing to determine how to improve the service.
The legal basis for the temporary storage of the data and the log files is Art.6 (1)(f) GDPR.
The method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is not 100% secure.
We choose third parties that apply all necessary technical and organizational measures to protect user personal data while integrating external services
Your use of the Service following notice means assent
Etermax Brand Gamification Keep a record of Users and inquiries.
We collect geolocation data that identifies the approximate or precise location of your mobile device or provision of services.
We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following categories of third parties.
The Personal Data is collected and stored for registration or identification purposes.
We use the informaiton to improve and monitor Game use.
Right to opt-out of certain information sharing practices with Third Parties who do not act as our Service Providers.
California residents can request * to know additional information about whether and how we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold personal information about them * to know specific pieces of personal information * that we opt them out of the "sale" of their personal information * the deletion of the personal information.
then Indeed will notify users of the material changes via email and/or by posting a notice on the applicable Sites for 30 days
You may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service.
Your personal information will remain subject to our technical and organizational controls and our policies and procedures.
We use your information for measuring interest in our services.
You can opt-out from personalized advertisement experience, at any time by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest-based ads” (Android).
You can limit our ability to use your data.
We also collect the anonymous information is associated with personal information.
We also use cookies and similar technologies to target advertising and content.
If you have a privacy inquiry or concerns about the way GitHub is handling your personal data, please let us know immediately.
If you collaborate on or become a member of an Organization, then its Account owners may receive your personal data, for example by having the ability to view your activity in the Organization’s access log.
We may disclose personal information without your knowledge or consent if a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order legally authorizes us or requires us to do so.
This includes information about your activities (including how you use our Services, your service Settings, how you use our Services to interact with others (including when you interact with businesses) and the timing, frequency and duration of your activities and interactions), log files, as well as diagnostics, crashes, website and performance logs and reports.
California residents may have the rights as described in our [California Statement](/en/privacy-statement.html#california) ;and requests for our Public Records Products can be submitted as described in our [Public Records Privacy Statement](https://legal.thomsonreuters.com/en/legal-notices/privacy- records) .
GitHub will provide notice regarding private repository access where not prohibited by law or if in response to a security threat or other risk to security.
We may share your personal information with ad networks and advertising partners.
We retain information for as long as OverDrive deems necessary to provide the Services or as permitted by applicable law.
third party advertising, analytics, and measurement partners may set their own cookies or similar web technologies on the Services and elsewhere online to collect information about users' online activities.
even if you disable personalized advertising, you may continue to receive ads
Some areas of our Sites may not function properly when you choose to have your browser refuse cookies.
We may transfer to another entity or its affiliates or service providers some or all information about you in connection with, or during the transaction.
We also may automatically collect location information.
Your continued use after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acknowledgment and consent of the modifications.
The ad networks we utilize may collect information about you.
Spotify transfers personal data internationally with Spotify group companies, subcontractors and partners.
sensitive personal information be used for the following purposes:
You may also be eligible for a library card for access to your library's additional resources.
We use the information * to enter into and perform our contract with you to provide flights or other products or services; * for our legitimate business interest; *  a legitimate business interest in managing and administering our business and protecting it from fraud; * in the case of information relating to your health, and dietary requirements; * in the case of our storage of information related to your credit card; * we have a legitimate business interest in improving and promoting our service and better understanding how customers use it; * unless you have provided your consent at the time of collection, which communications ; * we do not use your personal data to send you marketing communications when you provide us with your personal data through the Comments/Complaints form on delta.com; * we have a legitimate business interest in ensuring that our technical systems operate properly; * we must comply with certain regulatory requirements regarding emergencies and otherwise in relation to operating passenger flights.
Share information with our parent company, subsidiaries and other affiliated companies
Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy.
We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information if we believe doing so is required or appropriated.
These rights are not absolutely guaranteed.
Personal data that we collect will be limited to information collected or generated in a business context.
you have the right to request the restriction of your personal data when we verify the accuracy of your personal data.
You can submit a request by contacting us to exercise the right to know and deletion.
Certain Services may not be accessible or available without account registration and/or requested information.
Opt-Out of "Sale" and Certain Sharing Practices
By using our Services, you acknowledge your personal information will be accessed by or transferred to Zedge and our affiliates in the jurisdictions where we operate, and accessed by or transferred to our personnel, affiliates, partners, and service providers who are located around the world.
Data can also be stored beyond such time if legislator provided for this in law regulations
We may share your data with law enforcement agencies, our Service Providers and our affiliates.
Third parties provide content or applications on the Services use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the Services.
we may ask some users to provide additional consent for the communications.
Advertisers may collect some information on our services or we may collect and share with them
Request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data.
You can adjust your marketing communications preferences in Privacy Dashboard.
When you access to our websites and our apps , we won’t collect your legally- sensitive data
If you are a resident of Colorado, Virginia, or Connecticut, you have the right to appeal a request we deny
If a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian may contact us by emailing us at [Privacy@delta.com](mailto:privacy@delta.com).
This in order to prevent or investigate cases of misuse
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with new experiences
We may associate the browser or device with your account.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings.
You also have the right to not be discriminated.
We may use the information to fulfill a purchase or send you order confirmations or other requested product or Service information.
You may review or update certain account information by logging into your account online.
The right to confirm whether we are processing your personal data.
Sellers can add or update certain information in [Seller Central], update your account information by accessing your [Seller Account Information], and adjust your email or other communications by updating your [Notification Preferences].
We share information with notice to you and your consent.
Personal information and personal health information we collect on our Sites is stored electronically, and may be combined with other off-line information.
Users can provide justification to object to the processing of Personal Data, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner.
We may use tracking technologies for functional purpose, include helping ensure our services function correctly, remembering your settings and preferences, helping to identify and prevent security risks, or helping us understand and improve our services.
Managing and optimizing our Platforms, including:**
If you are a child under age 13, any activities or services offered on Axis 360 which require registration, including the posting of Interactive Content, are not available to you without the prior written consent of your parent or legal guardian.
IP address is a unique number that devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet.
We will not use, disclose, sell, or permit access to your personal broadband data unless it’s allowed in Maine.
This Site is not intended for children below 13 and we do not knowingly collect data relating to such children.
You may change your resume privacy settings.
Our third parties collect this data from everyone using the Site.
We may share some sets of personal data, in particular, for purposes indicated in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy.
Do Not Track (“ **DNT** ”) is a privacy preference that players can set in certain web browsers.
The Customer has the right to: i) object to the collection and further processing of your personal information; ii) updating, correcting, deleting or blocking your personal data; iii) Receive information about you that you provide to us; iv) choose not to use and disclose your personal information; v) Transfer of your personal information to another data controller (data portability).
You share your information (including messages) as you use and communicate through our Services.
We may aggregate or deidentify your information and may use, share, rent or sell aggregated or deidentified information for any purpose, and such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
We keep track of your age when you use our Services.
We collect information, including advertising information, collected through the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies
Therefore we do not knowingly collect data from, or process data of, individuals under the age of 16.
We may use  user generated content which has been provided by you and such content includes Personal Data.
You may have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies.
Typically, though not always, the information we share is provided through cookies, software integrations, or similar tracking technologies, which recognize the device you are using.
We do not share your personally identifiable data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks for third-party advertising purposes.
If you have made any public postings on the Services, those communications generally cannot be removed even if you cancel or deactivate your account.
If you elect to add information about Niantic live or in-game events to your mobile calendar, we will access your device’s calendar and write in these events.
please contact us at dataprivacy@mattel163.com.
You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
We will disclose your personal information to such third parties to provide the parking services you have requested or reserved.
The privacy policy in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
This Cookie & IBA Statement was last updated on January 1, 2023.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
We partner with third party companies to deliver advertising to specific computers through existing cookies on your computer.
You can access personal information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
We may also share aggregated information or other anonymous information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
consumers can opt out of the ”sale” of their Personal Information.
We collect billing Information, including payment information and shipping address.
We collect information through our Titles, and information provided to us by advertising and analytics partners.
We may use your information to provide, maintain and improve our current services;
we will display, publish, transmit, disseminate, and/or open the access to your personal data to third parties.
Security-Related Information is stored until account deletion under your request, upon which it will be deleted within 30 days.
We may use third party data storage providers to store personal data electronically.
Waze collects information to provide better services to all its users.
We reserve the right to deny such a request we have received and will explain to your authorized agent.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, You may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
HEALOW may also use or disclose your personal information as permitted by law
You can learn more about how Google uses information from sites or apps that use its services and how you can control that in(https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites).
If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform.
When you choose to receive offers from specific third parties, your information is shared with them to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested.
We may use third-party services to provide mapping services depending on your device.
The services and functionality of the Sites could not be provided without such transfers.
You may withdraw your consent by contacting us or by following an unsubscribe link.
We use your information to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal interests.
We use Social ID to enable users to share their game achievement or game-play video on social media or invite their friends.
Based on how you browse, use, or otherwise interact with the Services, we display content, advertising, recommendations and otherwise personalize the Services to you.
To gain access to your child's account, first step is to request in person to staff
We collect Game scores and achievements, and other information to offer and enhance our Services.
We may collect information about you from third-party sources, such as advertising partners.
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent.
You authorize OverDrive to collect and retain the PII submitted by you by creating and using an OverDrive account and/or otherwise consenting to the sharing of information.
We may disclose information if merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or sale, transfer, or change in ownership of Discord or any of its assets.
This allows that web server to log information about your device and to set and read its own cookies.
We limit access to your Personal Data to those employees and other staff who have a business need to have such access.
We may process personal data to protect public interests.
HEALOW safeguards and enables the global transfer of Personal Information in a number of ways
You may use cookies by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
We may share personal data or any information with marketing partners in order to help them send you information that we believe will be of interest to you.
You may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics.
Indeed uses security measures to protect your personal data.
You have the right to “opt-out,” or direct us to stop “selling” or otherwise sharing your information with third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
California residents can manage your cookie preferences through the "Cookie Settings" link.
You may provide information when you Subscribe to newsletters and information about products.
* enable you to access the Airbnb Platform and make and receive payments, * enable you to communicate with other Members, * process your request, * perform analytics, debug, and conduct research, * provide customer service training, * send you messages, updates, security alerts, and account notifications, * process, handle, or assess insurance claims or similar claims, * personalize and customize your experience based on your interactions with the Airbnb Platform, your search and booking history, your profile information and preferences, and other content you submit, and * enable your use of our enterprise products and accommodation services.
These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council.
We must disclose your personal information as lawful requests
Sources of Collected Personal Information
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We may also share anonymous, statistical or aggregated information with our Service Providers.
We may collect information about you and the services you provide, if you are a vendor, service provider, or business partner of Paramount .
We’ll keep data in your Waze Account,including your “Home, “work”, favorites, email address and other account related information, until you choose to remove it and/or update it.
Use to manage everyday business needs.
You have the right to withdraw your consent.
The CCPA gives you the right to access your information and request that Waze delete that information.
We use your info to suggest other people with similar interests.
Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X.
All other personal data processed while the e-mail is being submitted
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when to send a cookie.
We may also use automated algorithms to analyze messages in cloud chats to stop spam and phishing.
We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e., consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
You may contact us to submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent.
Toca Boca may collect non personal information about the use of the website and apps to improve our services.
Request Correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
OverDrive will store your address to provide your name, address, mobile phone number, and email address to your library, where you may be eligible for a library card for access to additional library resources.
We may ask for your vehicle information and/or license plate for specific parking transactions that validate your reservation.
to inform you of promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by WePlay;
We may transfer your information if we are involved in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other change of ownership or control.
You can delete and disable cookies for each browser, on each computer you use to surf the Web.
To learn more about this option, [visit the Privacy Shield "How to Submit a Complaint" page](https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint).
We only process the personal data to process the e-mail.
Etermax may use and share aggregated and/or anonymized information about users with third parties.
We may collect or receive information from the following other sources (i) other Service users who choose to upload their email contacts; (ii) third party information providers, such as digital advertising companies; and (iii) social networking sites.
We collect data in a form that doesn’t permit direct association with any specific individual.
This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information and to understand which parts of our content are of most interest.
We are able to send you severe weather alerts for the area in which you might be traveling.
We collect geolocation information and the content you create
we will ask for your personal information to become eligible for the incentives.
You may have the right to access, correct and update your personal data at any time.
We implement reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the security of your personal information .
The verifiable consumer request must provide sufficient information.
Under the CCPA, personal information does not include de-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Under the law, there are a number of exceptions.
You may request to access your Personal Data by filling out this [Personal Data Request form] or by emailing privacy-dept @ indeed.com from the email address associated with your account.
You may contact us by email at contact@umaxapp.com or submit a [data subject access request](https://app.termly.io/notify/4b66c5b2-06e4-46f1-bfcf-51f954508381).
Contact information only be used to try and associate your contacts with other YouVersion Members to create potential YouVersion connections and will only be stored by us for so long as you have a YouVersion Member account.
We will notify you of material changes by posting a prominent notice on the Dow Jones Services.
Information is collected from you when you play games, participate in discussion boards or other social media features, or when you report an issue on our website or mobile app
As of version 5.5, any party can choose to delete any messages in one-on-one chats, both sent and received, for both sides.There is no time limit.
Security Detection, Protection and Enforcement; Functionality Debugging, Error Repair
We collect your biometric information and disclose it to our authorized service provider for processing.
* Go to "Settings" * Scroll down to "Privacy" * Scroll down to "Ads" * Move the "Limit AD Tracking" slider to the right to exit/reset the mobile AD ID
We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
We’ll process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We will ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions where we process it.
Our data retention policies and procedure are designed to help ensure that we retent and delete  personal data legally.
We may share your information with Promotional Partners.
we may use the information you provide to administer the promotion.
We may send emails and text messages inviting the person you are referring to use our Services or provide you a link to send.
You should note that if you opt-out of receiving interest-based or targeted advertising, you will still see advertising, but that advertising will not be targeted using your personal data.
You may request to correct or update your personal information in our files.
When you play our online games, your in-game profile information, gameplay, and statistics are collected and some may be visible in-game, or visible to players in other EA Services.
The third-party technologies or social tools integrated into our Services may collect information about your use of our Services.
We ask your permission before syncing your contacts.
we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties:
The information you post will be accessible to anyone with Internet access and may be read, collected, and used by others.
California consumers may use the Digital Advertising Alliance’s tool to opt-out of cookies within web browsers and applications.
If you are a California or Virginia resident, you may be able to exercise additional rights.
Collected information  include messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when communicating with merchants who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform.
The information enables to store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our App according to your individual interests.
We share personal data or risk scores with entities such as banks or with entities that provide fraud prevention services to T-Mobile.
Indeed may receive Disposition Data from the employer to which you applied.
You may also limit the communications that ADP sends to you.
You will not be able to access or receive Services if you disable the feature.
We collect information that you give us directly
We cannot accept any liability associated with your User Contributions.
You may opt out of conversion tracking by opting out of our web beacon.
We may collect your device/browser information and/or mobile carrier information, in addition to the postcode or geographic area to which the alert, update, or notification pertains.
We also use information in response to requests by government or law enforcement authorities, or in response to complaints where we are under a legal or regulatory obligation to adhere to a complaint-handling procedure.
We use the information to maintain and administer the Children’s Platforms.
We may combine information with information about you that we obtain from such social media and other content platforms and information derived from our Service.
We will provide a child user with our Services only after his/her parent or guardian has read this Policy, fully acknowledged and agreed to all the terms herein, and given consent required by applicable laws.
We may disclose your Personal Information to other users of the Services if you choose to make such information public or you select sharing features on the Services.
Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may ask to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes.
Jiobit members also have the option to provide us with additional information including emergency information about a device wearer such as their legal first and last name, height, weight, gender, ethnicity, race, medications, allergies, and medical conditions (including whether the individual is special needs and the category of such special needs), or pet breed in the case of an animal.
Fomo stores Personal Information about Users and visitors to the sites on servers located in the Amazon Servers, or servers and equipment in other countries and may change such location.
For Analytics and Reporting, our program is designed to use information from your device and your usage data, to prepare aggregated business and marketing reports.
Amazon retrieves a “web beacon” (invisible graphics) and places a cookie on your computer in this process.
The need of such treatment for the execution of the contract subscribed with the user (to provide our Services).
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services;
For other requests, or if you have a question regarding our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office at [privacy@netflix.com]
We may obtain information from third parties to enhance or supplement your existing information.
You can opt out from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes.
If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data with so you can contact them directly.
We may facilitate the transfer of your personal data for your interaction with third parties.
We may keep data that has been removed for a limited period of time.
We may collect certain types of data from you when you register for or participate in certain services, seek access to certain content or features, or directly correspond with us.
The user has the right to delete
Performance Cookies.
You can also manage targeted ads through your system settings.
We collect the payment information you provide us, including your bank routing numbers, and tax information.
Send you news and/or marketing communications
We collect information through the use of “cookies”, tracking pixels, data analytics tools like Google Analytics, SDKs, and other third-party technologies to understand how you navigate through the Lyft Platform and interact with Lyft advertisements, to improve the service comprehensively.
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Camera, microphone and voice control features are not used for identification purposes.
We are unable to remove the shared information from our servers or make them unavailable to other SayHi users you have shared with.
We may collect personal information, such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletter or loyalty program, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
If you find that the information associated with your Account is not accurate, complete or updated, then you should make all necessary changes to correct it.
If you are a California resident, you have additional rights under the CCPA, including the right to opt out of any sales or sharing of your personal information, to request access to and information about our data practices, and to request deletion or correction of your personal information, as well as the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us.
Complete surveys
At any time you may choose not to receive such materials by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the email messages that we may send to you.
Indeed offers Job Seekers and Employers the option to use a telephone Relay Services to facilitate contact.
You can always manually enter a location.
We will make the revised Privacy Policy accessible through the NBCUniversal Services.
Fomo may share User’s social network ID.
If you have questions, please visit [_https://help.fox.com/fox/s/support- form_](https://help.fox.com/fox/s/support-form), select Fox Sports under "Choose Brand," and submit a ticket with "Privacy & Security" as the topic that best describes your issue.
We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by Third Parties.
Please check back to review these changes.
right to have your personal data erased or eliminated when, among other reasons, your data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.
We may use the information for various reasons for research and analysis, to better serve visitors to this Site, to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Site and other websites, other statistics, etc.
You can delete the advertising ID from the same menu, resulting in the creation of a new ID.
While our response will generally be provided at no cost, you will be informed in advance of any charges that apply in connection with the information request.
We may collect information about your interactions with e-mail messages.
The primary goal of processing the Personal Information is to provide a better gaming experience, improve the Services, and conduct marketing and research activities and create reports for internal use.
Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data
We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform
As is true with most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
The Services rely on this location information to provide certain location-based services, content, promotional offers and other information.
You may still have the option of viewing rewarded videos in exchange for additional content access, but you will not be shown ads through the Services.
We collect some information from you when you provide it to us directly,including basic identifiers and contact information.
Personal Data is retained in accordance with the records retention schedules.
We may obtain your information if you log in with or connect a social networking profile with a Dow Jones Service.
Unless permitted through your opt-in consent to receive marketing communications, OverDrive does not use or share your name or mobile phone number for marketing or sales purposes.
We may use cookies to store information about pages visited on our sites, language preferences, your relationship with us, or other information.
If you sign into the Services with Facebook Connect, we will collect information that is visible via your Facebook account such as: (1) your first and last name, (2) Facebook ID, (3) Profile Picture/URL, and (4) list of Facebook friends.
Where you buy tickets from third-party e-commerce sites, the third party will send us information such as your contact and billing information and information about your ticket purchase for us to allocate tickets to you.
Email us at [privacy@nianticlabs.com][mailto:privacy@nianticlabs.com].
you may continue to receive calls for service and account-related matters after optting out of telemarketing sales calls.
we will retain your personal data for as long as needed to provide the Services or fulfill the purposes for which it was collected.
we may automatically collect information about how you interact with the Services.
Data protection laws in Canada may be different from those of your country of residence.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Data submitted to us.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for third-party sites or services.
We generate information about your use of our games.
Apple does not take any decisions involving the use of algorithms or profiling.
The United States and other third countries may not afford the same privacy protections as users' country of residence.
* Withdraw consent from your account settings page * Utilize the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of your emails * Request a data delete from our Manage Data Rights page.
In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information.
SayHi may also collect and gather non-personally identifiable information.
personal description, photograph, and other profile information you submit.
Personal Data of our users are stored in our data centers of our third party service providers in Canada and Germany, who act as data processors.
California residents : +1 (800) 616-6535.
These cookies collect several pieces of information about your browsing habits.
Personal Information may be used to send related information, enable players to communicate with each other in games or on the social media accounts.
You acknowledge that you have no expectation of privacy for or concerning any of the information, including your chats and communications with other users or with us, content you submit to us and content you provide in connection with competitions, information from your profile that you choose to make public, or your use of these features of the Site or Services.
Third parties may also obtain information about other sites you have visited or applications, and other information about you or your device to analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Site and elsewhere.
You may be able to delete cookie data.
We are not responsible for practices linked to the Services on third-party sites.
You may have the right to direct us not to process your personal data for certain types of profiling activities.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, you may have the right to data portability.
We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
we may retain the information to provide you with requested service, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, or where necessary for fraud prevention, dispute resolution, enforcement of our contracts and terms, or for safety reasons.
we collect your personal information for the performance of the contract.
Any personal information you share in a public forum is public information
However, if you adjust your preferences, our Services may not work properly.
Firebase Realtime Database is a hosting and backend service provided by Google LLC.
The following data might be reported about the ads you can view: the date and time a particular ad is served; a record if that ad was “clicked” or if it was shown as a “conversion” event; what the ad offer is about; what type of ad it is ; which ad placement is involved; whether you respond to the ad.
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information.
We may seek additional information to verify a requestor’s identity.
We may transfer information outside the UK or the EEA, where offers adequate protection by the EEA or the UK.
The information we collect is for the purpose of offering a more personalized experience.
You can limit online tracking by following our “Cookie Notice” or by clicking the link at the footer of our Sites.
you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us.
We collect data for advertising and analytics purposes so that we can provide you with better services
To analyze the scope of certain technical parameters, we need your help to make processing technologies of our App reformed, smartened and smoothed.
Valve collects and processes Personal Data a) for the performance of our agreement to provide a full-featured gaming service and deliver associated Content and Services; b) for compliance with legal obligations.
Once we receive and confirm your request (see section 9.3 i) “Exercising Access, and Deletion Rights”), we will disclose to you: (i) The categories of personal information we collected about you; (ii) The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you; (iii) Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information; (iv) The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information; (v) The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you; and (vi) If we “sold” or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: (a) sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and (b) disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
We may decline to process requests that are frivolous/vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical.
Right to Opt Out of Information Sales
We will ask you for Personal Data when you interact with us.
Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information.
We maintain limited information on the basis of our legitimate interest
You can have your information deleted.
The personal data received from third-party companies will depend on privacy settings on relevant third-party applications.
We also disclose the categories of personal information listed above for business purposes.
only necessary data is processed for each specific purpose.
We may use your in-app actions and achievements, as well as certain information about your mobile device to carry out anti-fraud and anti-cheating measures.
To revoke your consent to the data processing, open the TriviaScapes app and go to **Menu > Settings > Revoke consent**.
We transfer data to service providers.
We may disclose your geolocation information to service providers.
We may collect the biometric information you provide.
We will also delete data that is no longer up to date or necessary for the original purpose of processing.
In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform research.
If you are located in the EEA, UK or Switzerland, your personal information may be processed outside of those regions, including in the United States.
you may share digital content information with others in public forums and on social networking websites.
In the body of your request, you must include: “California Shine the Light Request”, your name, a current California address including, street address, city, state, and zip code, as well as sufficient information for us to determine if the law applies to you.
You can usually reset these numbers through the Settings of your device's operating system
there may be circumstances where we are unable to fulfill your request.
You can email privacy-dept @ indeed.com to make a formal request to object to or restrict the processing of your Personal Data.
Details on how to exercise your choices with respect to marketing and interest-based advertisements can be found in **Your Choices and Data Rights** below and Interest-Based or Online Behavioral Advertising above.
Zoom will first obtain your consent before engaging in the marketing or advertising activities at the request of law.
For residents of the United States, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and construed in accordance with United States federal law and the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of laws, rules or provisions.
We may use the information we collect for a number of business and commercial purposes,
Delete personal data or direct you to applicable tools.
The personal information you provide to CenturyGames will enable us to provide and deliver the products and services you request; Alerting you to new products or services, features or enhancements; To improve our services and ensure their safety; And/or notify you of upgrade opportunities, contests, promotions or special events and offers.
Indeed Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles.
some browsers or plug-ins use a “Global Privacy Control”
The access, preservation, or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce our Terms of Use, this Policy, or other contracts with you; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; and/or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of the MSG Family, its agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public.
Marketing, Advertising, and Analytics Partners:** Zoom uses third-party marketing, advertising, and analytics providers: to provide statistics and analysis about how people are using Zoom products and services; and to provide advertising and marketing for Zoom products and services.
You may still continue to receive contextual ads, such as ads related to the content of other digital products you are using, when you opt out of certain interest based advertising
To provide, improve and support our Services, we may share your personal data with our parent company and a group member.
We receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services.
Budge Studios collects and uses information business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Use of your personal data to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events.
You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
We implement measures to ensure that our service providers provide appropriate protection for your information and use your information only for the purpose of providing the services to us.
To ensure content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.
For example, if we suspend an Airbnb Account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain information from that Airbnb Account to prevent that Member from opening a new Airbnb Account in the future.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
This staff may be engaged in (i) the processing of transactions and User’s payment details, or (ii) the provision of support services.
Last modified on August 04, 2023
To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California.
Mintegral may collect  information about device and system  and information about your interaction with such ads from you, when you view ads that it has provided to us.
If you are concerned and would like to correct or request that we remove such personal information, please contact CenturyGames using the information in the Contact Us section below.
You can change your notification settings or unsubscribe from all the notifications or choose how and whether your data is shared with us, control local data storage.
We will obtain your consent before utilizing your specific GPS location.
Job Seeker Personal Data transferred to Employers in this way is processed by Indeed’s Terms and those of the relevant Employer.
The web beacons allow third parties to obtain information, such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears; the URL of the page on which the beacon appears; the time the page containing the beacon was viewed; the type of browser used to view the page; and the information in cookies set by the third party.
Your personal Information collected by SYBO and/or collected by SYBO may be stored and processed anywhere in the world.
Authorized agents will need to demonstrate that you've authorized them, or must demonstrate they have power of attorney pursuant to applicable probate law.
We may include links to third parties from our website or services.
Budge Studios complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ( **COPPA** ), a U.S. law designed to protect the online privacy of children.
You can control most cookies through the browser settings.
We don’t have any control over practices on third parties.
A Data Protection Officer for the European Economic Area has been appointed and can be reached at [DataProtectionOfficer.ADPEMEA@adp.com](mailto:DataProtectionOfficer.ADPEMEA@adp.com) .
You should consult that sites privacy policy before providing any information on that site  linked to on a Budge Studios Platform.
We collect information such as your name and contact data, including username and email address, and credentials such as your password, during account creation.
We do not want you to have a spammy experience; as with all of your messages, you can manage these communications, and we will honor the choices you make.
The contact information is [support@onxmaps.com]
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
erasing some personal data may affect your experience using certain features of the Services.
we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
We collect the manner in which you use YouVersion and its content.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing your personal information.
For example, we place ads through Google and Facebook
When you use any of CenturyGames' services through a social media account such as Facebook, wechat, or Google, you give CenturyGames access to certain information in your profile on that site
In addition to the express notice provided on our website when you first visit, your continued use of our website is your acceptance of our continued use of cookies on our website.
We may use your information to confirm your registration for an event or contest.
If you are not an Account holder, we will collect and store all information you provide.
OverDrive requires that third parties with whom information about users of school Services is shared are obligated to safeguard such information.
use to  provide the benefits of the SkyMiles program and the attention to complaints.
Other technologies may use network-related or other information to recognize your device.
We use the information to create aggregated statistical data, inferred non-personal data or anonymized or pseudonymized data.
Fomo collects information about User’s devices by using tracking technologies to recognize User and/or User device(s) on, off, and across different Services and devices.
Any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information should be directed to such third parties (see Section IV).
We collect Personal Information directly from you.
It is your responsibility to assure  third party's consent, whose voice is collected incidentally when you are using our real-time voice chat function.
You can require us to stop processing personal information other than for storage purposes.
You can correct any inaccurate personal information about you.
you can opt in to targeted advertising by either: (a) enabling targeted advertising through the “Your Privacy Choices” page; or (b) enabling “Behavioral Advertising” or “Profile-Based Advertising” through the Privacy & Cookies page.
Personal information does not include publicly available, deidentified, or aggregate consumer information.
If you believe that we might have collected personal information from or about a child, please contact us at privacy@leyinetwork.com .
X's Data Protection Officer: Data Protection Inquiry Form.
You may adjust your privacy and advertising settings on your mobile device.
Your continued use after we've made changes means you accept the new notice.
You can access your information in the "Your Account" section of the website.
we will notify you in advance of material changes to the policy.
Access to personal information and personal health information will be restricted to authorized personnel.
Your approximate location may be gathered based on your IP address.
**Third-Party Social Network Services** If you choose to sign up or log in  to use or link the Services with your other social network or other third-party service account details, these third- party services may be able to collect information about you, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Services, in accordance with their privacy policies.
We will disclose your information to law enforcement authorities or other government officials.
In order to perform that verification, SuperAwesome requires certain personal information about parents.
We use information to provide you with the App and its contents, and any other information, products or services that you request from us.
For other changes to this Privacy Statement, we encourage Users to watch or to check our Site Policy repository frequently.
You can receive a copy of the Personal Data and check that we are lawfully processing it.
We use the information: To fulfill the purposes for which you provided it; * To deliver products or advertisements; * For customer support and to respond to your inquiries; * For internal record-keeping purposes; * To communicate with you; * To send push notifications to your wireless device or computer to provide updates and other relevant messages; * To send you SMS notifications; * To improve the Service and to research and develop new services; * To create or maintain aggregated, anonymized or de-identified information; * To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding unlawful or harmful activities; * To safeguard our and others’ rights or property; * To process any job applications you submit; and * To otherwise administer and troubleshoot the Service.
to request the correction of inaccurate personal information that we may have on file about you.
Etsy gives you the choice of accessing, editing, or removing certain information, as well as choices about how we contact you.
We collect information for SuperSonic Studios own purposes, as a data controller under data protection law.
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action.
Mailing address for EEA, UK, Switzerland: Data Protection Officer ， MTCH Technology Services Limited，Tinder ， 1 Hatch Street Upper ，Dublin 2 ，Dublin ，D02 PY28， Ireland
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymisation.
We may process your information to provide you with location-specific options, functionality or offers if you elect to share your Geolocation Information through the Services.
Disclosure to third party products or advertisers
**Authentication, Integrity, Security, and Safety:** To authenticate accounts and activity, detect, investigate, and prevent malicious conduct, fraudulent activity or unsafe experiences, address security threats, protect public safety, and secure Zoom products and services.
You can opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties.
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or location of the suspected violation, if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you is in breach of the GDPR.
We will collect the designation for your donation and personal information to ensure that your donation is used for the purpose you request and to provide you with an “Annual Giving Statement”.
Our service providers may process data in your region, in the United States, or in any other country where they operate facilities.
We share information in the [Transparency Report] about the number and types of requests we receive from the government.
We use Personal Data to operate or to provide specific features.
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you can receive your personal data in the certain format.
Alternatively, California residents may submit a request to opt out of sales or sharing by calling us at 855-663-0150.
We and our service providers may access, store and otherwise process personal information outside of Canada.
The advertising providers use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your device and your usage.
This information may include names, contact details, seat locations, along with entry and exit times.
Please contact us at [support@onxmaps.com](mailto:support@onxmaps.com).
“Additional Information for Residents of the EEA, United Kingdom, Switzerland, and Brazil” and “Additional Information for Residents of California, Virginia, Connecticut, Utah, and Colorado.” list additional rights
Under some circumstances we may anonymize your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you.
Your lending history is not shared with any third parties, except to staff with appropriate authority for the administration of your institution.
We automatically collect personal information about you when you interact with us.
We and you have requested and agree that this Policy and all documents related to this Policy be drawn up in English.
We may provide aggregate, de-identified information concerning connections by YouVersion users with third-parties and their events or locations.
We collect personal data about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when other sources provide it to us.
We may share information with vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf.
To opt-out of receiving personalized advertisements, see below section 4.1 for ‘Opt-out of Targeted Advertising’.
We may collect demographic information, including gender, race, ethnicity, etc.
You will not be subject to automated processing and decision making unless you have given consent or if there is a legal basis/justified interest.
Automated decision made in individual cases, including profiling
please email us at [**security@flo.health**] to report a security incident.
CenturyGames collects and processes your information only to the extent necessary to provide the services, and only in a fair and reasonable manner.
If you are under 13, do not use or provide any personal information on, or through, the Services.
We retain your Personal Data to maintain our relationship and to provide you with our Services.
You can manage how these tracking technologies are used by adjusting your device or browser settings and, in some countries, by selecting your preferences in a consent management solution.
we, or companies assisting us in facilitating your transaction, may need to share information related to the transaction.
Changes have been made by indicating at the top of the Privacy Policy the date that it was last updated.
Sometimes we also need to ask you for personal data like your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number
We may collect information when you exchange communication with Waze.
We use the informaiton to communicate with you.
We do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing their services (which includes maintaining and improving their services).
You should refrain from using our services to prevent the collection of your personal data.
For more information about Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt-out tools, visit the following sites:
a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
We do not share information about title selections or your shows you have watched on our service.
Although some parts of the Services may be private or quarantined, they may become public.
We share information with Professional Advisors, Industry Partners, Authorities and Regulators to * comply with applicable law or regulations, court orders, subpoenas, legal processes or government requests; * detect, investigate, prevent, or address actual or suspected fraud, violations of Etsy’sTerms of Use, and other illegal activity or security and technical issues; and/or * protect the rights, property and safety of our Members, Etsy and the Etsy Group Companies, or others.
We collect and process the following personal information when you use the App.
your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies.
You can go to Settings to change the exact period after which your inactive account will self-destruct.
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices, so we encourage you to check this page periodically.
We may receive information about you from our third party service providers.
we do “share” information in the sense that we allow certain third-party advertising networks and other third-party businesses to collect and disclose your personal information through cookies or tracking technologies.
This information may be collected through the use of cookies.
We occasionally receive personal information from law enforcement agencies and other sources relating to criminal activity and may use that information by applicable law, to detect or prevent unlawful activity occurring during air travel.
you have the right to withdraw consent by contacting us.
The services authenticate your identity and may provide us with personal data.
We are not responsible for the accuracy of any information provided by other parties
We may update this Notice to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices.
We may at any time buy or sell/divest the company, or any portion or combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses.
* We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
Security and Safety: We may collect certain information in order to protect and verify your information and our Services.
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 18.
we share customers' personal information related to those transactions with that third party.
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
Under the GDPR,  we process personal data for providing services to players of our Titles for the performance of our contract with them.
We enable access to personal data across our subsidiaries, affiliates, and related companies, for example, where we share common data systems, when affiliates provide services on our behalf, or where access is needed to operate and provide the Service.
SciPlay may modify this Privacy Policy in its sole discretion.
We do not access and do not store your credit card information.
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy regularly.
To see when this Privacy Statement was last updated, please see the "Last Updated" section below.
We may email you to remind you before deletion.
California residents also have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for their exercise of rights.
You have the right to revoke your consent
We will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request.
We  may collect your specific location and request your permission.And your  browser may inform you.
No security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents (“ **third parties** “) who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work.
such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Services._
you may choose to opt in to receiving push notifications.
Please note that e-mails and other communications you send to us are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to share any sensitive information through these means.
Indeed may receive Disposition Data from the employer to which you applied.
Use Web sites and programs
we may conduct internal research and profiling based on your interactions on various Sites, the content you submit to the Sites, and information obtained from third parties.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes listed at the time we collected the data
We collect information about you from different sources and in various ways when you use our Service, including information you provide directly, information collected automatically, third- party data sources, and data we infer or generate from other data.
Switzerland, and UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data for residents in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK.
We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions designed to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
If your library is located outside of the U.S., you will be asked to submit your name, mobile phone number, and a country code or campaign code.
We may also receive and store certain billing information
We take standard clauses approved by the European Commission.
In addition, we may provide these parties with information about your usage of our Site and our Services, as well as aggregate or non-personal information about visitors to our Site and users of our Service.
Functionality of certain Grindr Services may be impacted without certain information.
If you enable a browser extension designed to block tracking, non-essential cookies set by websites or third parties may be disabled.
Right to receive a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
If you would like to request information related to your support records, please contact us directly at [privacy@life360.com]
Limiting use of, or deleting, your personal information may impact relevant features and uses.
We may share information with the general public.
We protect this information according to the practices described in this Privacy Statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information.
you will have the option to show your lending history.
Any such new location information will no longer be associated with your account (to completely disable this type of information collection we recommend you transfer the Tiles prior to account or data deletion, remove the battery from or disable your Products).
Scopely verifies your identity and processes rights requests through our in-game help ticket system.
We may send you marketing materials by email or via in-app notifications.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child under 13 in the United States or under 16 in the European Union has provided us with personal information without consent, please contact us at [[email protected]](/cdn- cgi/l/email-protection#1c6c6e756a7d7f655c727e7f697275327f7371).
Personal data may be provided directly by you, provided to us by third parties, or collected from you automatically through your service usage, cookies, and other technologies.
You can withdraw your consent by contacting us.
We collect traffic data, including the user's IP address, domain server, type of computer or mobile device, and type of web browser.
We use the information above in order to provide technical and customer support to you.
Nevertheless, the provision of personal data, whether in person, by phone or over the internet, always involves risks, and the possibility of a manipulation or sabotage of technical systems cannot be excluded.
The information collected may be used to: • measure how effective ads are; • personalize the player experience by showing advertisements for products and services that may be more likely to appeal to you; • undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other player activity.
For this purpose, the system must store the user's IP address for the duration of the session.
You can choose to receive mobile push notifications from Netflix.
Electronic Arts Inc. will  comply with the 'Accountability for Onward Transfer' principle of the Privacy Shield, when transfering information from the EEA and Switzerland to other affiliates, agents, or service providers outside.
We use the information to  better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
This information does not contain any personal or personally identifiable information, and is used to develop content and services.
For personalisation and analytics.
You should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that You keep up to date on our most current policies and practices.
You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area or the UK or a relevant national authority for unresolved complaints.
We may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific privacy notices.
We will disclose personal data if we deem it necessary
To opt-out of communication with us for our Services, send us your request through the online contact us support feature.
You can review and revise your Profile information.
To provide you with customer support
We have collected audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
We will provide your Personal Data in a portable format.
We have used third-party advertising and other tracking technologies to collect information about you, your device(s), and your use of our Games.
You can request to access, obtain a portable copy of, correct, or delete data related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services.
You can share text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other communications in the SayHi application with other users, which will be stored on our servers.
We may require further documentation such as a password and user ID before granting access to your information.
Via Email: legal@topgamesinc.com. Via Post: Top Games, Inc. Attn: Legal - Privacy 585 Glenwood Avenue, Suite 3, Menlo Park, CA 94025 USA.
If you wish to opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” setting
You may also have the right to complain to the appropriate data protection supervisory authority.
If a prescription drug product delivered to you through the Services has been recalled, the pharmacy will share your name, email address, the date of the prescription drug product order, and the total amount to be refunded to you with us.
You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device.
We follow a strict vetting process prior to engaging any vendor or working with any partner.
You can always manually enter a location (such as city, postal code, and country).
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use or access our Services, and if you do not agree to any changes we make in the future, please terminate your account and refrain from using our Services.
If you make a purchase or other financial transaction, we collect credit card numbers, financial account information, and other payment details.
We or third-party technologies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized content, offers, services or advertisements on our websites or other sites.
You have the right to request that we use it only as is necessary for services or goods.
we will notify you of material changes via a prominent notice on the Services or via email before the effectiveness of the change.
to comply with licensing and regulatory requirements that are applicable to us;
We will disclose to Califonia residents the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about them.
Personal information is obtained directly from you, from others authorized to provide the information, from activity on the Site, and from other parties with whom we work.
We use your Personal Information to identify and authenticate your access to certain features of the Sites and Services; to provide you with our Services; to fulfill your orders, ship you products, and process returns; to administer our rewards program; to market and advertise the Services; to recommend products and videos you may like on our platform; to support and troubleshoot the Services and to respond to your queries; and to investigate and resolve disputes in connection with your use of the Services.
*  **Customization cookies:** they allow you to access the service with some predefined general characteristics based on a series of criteria in your terminal.
You can lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, including to improve our offerings, for internal purposes, or for troubleshooting.
For information about the transfer and storage of your Personal Information outside of Canada, please see **Cross-Border Transfers** above.
If you are in a location whose laws may require additional choices, you can control cookies and similar technologies used on most EA sites for advertising service.
The following scenarios describe circumstances where we may store your messages in the course of delivering them
We use information to give you notices about your account/subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
Only You, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that You authorize to act on Your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to Your personal information.
You can contact us to opt out of future email promotions from us.
clearing third-party cookies from your browser or device may affect or remove your choice.
Waze may use your “home” and “work” and other “favorites” information or route history to offer routes.
We have taken steps to ensure that your personal information is appropriately protected.
Etermax may use this type of cookies to recognize your device, for example by identifying your IP address and  information about how you use the Services.
We only share your personal information with certain parties.
We may collect payment and financial account information you provide.
These notifications may be turned off at any time through device settings.
We may collect the information you provide when you sign up for our services, enter or participate in our contests, giveaways or competitions, sweepstakes, and promotions, or attend one of our events.
Users can prevent cookies from being stored by selecting the respective setting in their browser software
Last Updated: June 21, 2023
the existence of the right to request that the Controller rectify or erase the personal data concerning you or restrict its processing, and the right to object to such processing; * the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
Google is certified under the Privacy Shield agreement
For our Risk & Fraud Prevention products, please review our supplemental [Public Records Privacy Statement](https://legal.thomsonreuters.com/en/legal-notices/privacy-records) .
We retain the personal information we collect from you when we have an ongoing legitimate business need, to operate our services and to protect your personal data.
We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Some of the automatic collection is facilitated by local storage technologies that can store large amounts of data.
As with any deletion process, things like routine maintenance, unexpected outages, bugs, or failures in our protocols may cause delays in the processes and time frames defined in this policy.
We may share your personal information with other players or users.
We process the information to perform a contract with you.
Your name, mobile phone number, and address are stored by OverDrive to authenticate your checkouts.
For example, if you use a data backup service integrated with our Services (like iCloud or Google Drive), they will receive information you share with them, such as your WhatsApp messages.
If you no longer have access to your Instacart account, please email us at(/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#82e1f7f1f6edefe7f0f2f0ebf4e3e1fbc2ebecf1f6e3e1e3f0f6ace1edef)  to submit your requests.
You have data access and portability rights and can request a copy of your data from us.
You must be over the minimum age limit that is prescribed by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions to use any social sharing features integrated in our Services.
We may also disclose your Personal Information to other parties if we believe it necessary or appropriate either: (a) under applicable law; (b) to protect our operations and those of any of our affiliates; (c) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or those of others; or (d) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain.
please contact JAMS or visit [https://www.jamsadr.com/submit/] to file a complaint.
If Life360 learns that we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child without parental consent as required by law, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information.
We disclose our security controls and transfers to foreign providers.
The changes to the Cookie Policy become effective on the “Last Updated” date.
We rely on Standard Contractual Clauses and/or other approved legal mechanisms to transfer personal information from the UK, EU, EEA or Switzerland to countries outside.
We periodically update our policies regarding information security measures in an effort to protect the personal information and personal health information.
We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
You may contact [privacy@adp.com](/terms/privacy-terms.aspx).to request access to your data, and to exercise any of the individual rights afforded to you by ADP’s Privacy Code for Business Data, or by applicable data protection laws and regulations.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific, historical, research or statistical purposes
Specific location may consist of the precise geographic location.
We may collect your name, email address,  age, mailing address, hobbies, sports and entertainment interests, telephone number, fax number, viewpoints on certain events, birthdate, payment and identity verification information, and/or biometric information.
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
We use information for* Performing services, * Performing and providing advertising and marketing services, including targeted advertising * To conduct auditing and monitoring of transactions and engagement, * Short-term, transient use, * Helping to ensure security and integrity and prevent fraud * Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services or devices and to improve, upgrade, or enhance them * Debugging to identify and repair errors * Conducting business analysis, * Conducting research and development, * Fulfilling our legal functions or obligations.
We use information about you to provide, maintain, and improve the Services,and personalize services, content, and features that match your activities, preferences, and settings.
· you wish to erase the personal information as the processing we are doing is unlawful but you want us to retain the personal information but just store it instead;
Information about users of school Services is only retained by OverDrive for the period necessary to support the authorized school or educational purposes.
Personal information does not include de-identified data or publicly available information.
We do not require that you disclose any personally-identifiable information about your minor child to us to create a Bible App for Kids profile.
We use personal information and personal health information collected online as described in Sections 5 and 7 above.
With Facebook Custom Audience, we can create a list of users with certain data sets, such as IDFA, and select users who have completed certain actions in the application, such as installation.
You  can disable our access to Bluetooth in your device settings or by disconnecting the external device from the game.
If another entity acquires us or any of our assets, information that we have collected may be transferred to such entity and its advisors leading up to and/or following the transaction.
users do not have a right to object.
Fomo is continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect Personal Information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Indeed Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework program, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework program as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
We recognize the importance of your personal information and provide simple ways for you to exercise the following rights: access (right to know), portability, rectification (correction or update), deletion (erasure), object and restrict processing.
You can access your personal information and to be provided with a copy.
If we use your information for purposes beyond the above-mentioned, we will ask for your consent.
You may unsubscribe by replying “STOP” to the short code to stop receiving marketing texts.
You may continue to receive personalized ads from our third-party ad networks that obtain your consent on other apps and/or websites.
* **Change of Control:** We may share personal data with actual or prospective acquirers, their representatives and other relevant participants in, or during negotiations of, any sale, merger, acquisition, restructuring, or change in control involving all or a portion of Zoom’s business or assets, including in connection with bankruptcy or similar proceedings.
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our Services.
Parents may disclose information about themselves by posting in the public forums on the site.
Our Services are not directed to people under 13 and we do not knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 13.
We may use certain information to share with social media platforms after de-identifying it to generate leads, drive traffic to Airbnb, or otherwise promote our products and services.
With respect to these entities, this Privacy Policy applies only to their activities within the State of California.
You can set your resume to not searchable.
Cookies allow the Sites to remember important information that will make your use of the Sites more convenient.
We may wish to share or are compelled to disclose your personal information to third parties.
We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these third-party linked sites.
Grindr is transitioning to the storage of chat messages on its servers to support the use of Grindr Services, which will result in longer retention.
Email you about your account or order
We may scan, use, and store information contained in your ID to verify your identity and for security purposes.
When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data to operate our business or protect our interests
we will use the contact information you give us to communicate with you about the promotion.
communicate with you concerning our service so that we can send you news about Netflix, details about new features and content available on Netflix, special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys, and to assist you with operational requests such as password reset requests.
Through a user’s interactions with the Services, HEALOW collects “Personal Information,” which is information that identifies an individual or relates to an identified individual.
You may manage your preferences for finding and connecting with others from your account of the Service you use.
You can object to our processing of personal information about you.
Effective Date: May 8, 2018
This interaction information may be shared with other organizations.
In some cases, we request that you provide age, gender, and similar demographic details.
These third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to collect, store, use, process and transfer information about your activity.
This right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us or where perform a contract with You.
User´s right to erasure or ‘right to be forgotten’
We collect personal data you provide to us.
We use the information to provide, develop, enhance our Services, and for other business purposes or legal or compliance purposes.
We share information with advertising.
**Crash logs** , including data collected when one of our Services crashes.
To prevent phishing, spam and other kinds of abuse and violations of Telegram’s Terms of Service, our moderators may check messages that were reported to them by their recipients.
We offer the use of a secure server when you place orders or access your personal information.
We provide you with relevant content at your request, using information that is  collected from you or from social media providers connected with your SayHi account is connected.
We limit our uses of data for anti-fraud purposes.
The right to request that we not sell personal information about them
we may still send other non-marketing messages to you.
We include SDKs within our Applications that transfer game transaction data to third-party service providers who monitor crashes and create error logs so that we can maintain the Applications.
we will use information about you or the product you have purchased, to help you resolve a problem or question.
Where NBCUniversal acts as a service provider for third-party organizations, please contact your organizations directly to exercise any applicable individual’s rights.
Functionality Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website.
This list was last updated on 2nd August 2023.
The information gathered using these cookies is used to measure the activity on the websites, applications, or platforms, as well as to develop navigation profiles for the users, with the purpose of making improvements.
Those less than 18 years old may not use the Site or the Services without prior permission and supervision of your legal guardians.
Using your information to find you the preferred route and proposing favorites or destinations commonly traveled by you to streamline your search and travel.
residents may also be permitted to opt out of certain profiling relating to automated processing that would produce a legal or similarly significant effect.
please contact to exercise your rights.
You can also exercise your right to restrict our processing of your personal information.
We may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools to let you share actions with other media, and vice versa.
You may provide information when you contact us.
You understand having any personal data processed in the United States and/or such country.
You have the right to have the Controller rectify and/or complete data where the personal data concerning you being processed is inaccurate or incomplete.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent (including any sensitive or special category data), then you can withdraw your consent at any time by using settings on the Peloton product or App (as applicable), via settings on your device or by contacting us using the details provided under How To Contact Us.
We collect detailed information about your interactions with our customer service, such as the date, time and reason for contacting us, a record of any chat conversations, and the phone number and recording of your call when you call us;
You can review or update your account information.
When you use Question.AI, we will collect certain of your device information, including device ID, IMEI, OAID, MAC, browser type, operator information and usage, information about device location (IP address), device model, operating system version, IDFA (for iOS only), IDFV (for iOS only), Android ID (for Android only).
We expect you to reasonably secure information you have gathered from GitHub, and to respond promptly to complaints, removal requests, and "do not contact" requests from GitHub or GitHub users.
We may combine it with other information to provide and improve our Services.
You may opt-out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email.
Rectification or Correction: to correct your personal information where it is inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated.
You may provide us your status if you choose to include one on your account.
We retain personal data for as long as required to engage in the uses described in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law.
California residents have the right to opt out of certain disclosures ("sale") of Personal Information to third parties.
By agreeing to our Privacy Policy, you agree to the use of cookies and similar technologies.
Other websites  that you follow a link to have their own privacy policies, which we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
We collect Contact Information.
We process data in order to analyze your performance
These third party partners may use tracking technologies
Don't use the Service without agreement with this Privacy Policy.
*  **Address Book Contact Information**.
We are especially protect the privacy of children.
In some cases, you can opt out of tracking by our analytics providers by visiting their opt-out pages directly.
users’ IP address is shortened by Google
(3) sending mail to 152 Beach Road #11-05 Gateway East Singapore (189721).
This may include information like the fact that you installed our app or registered to use Discord.
If you are an EEA / Swiss / UK residents, under certain circumstances, you have the right to: Request access to the personal information we hold about you; * Correct any inaccurate personal information we may hold about you; * Delete your personal information in certain circumstances, for example, we no longer need to process your personal information to achieve our processing purposes, or you have exercised your right to object to processing; * Limit the processing of your personal information; Object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances, or where your own legitimate interests override our legitimate interests; * Transfer your personal information to another organization.
Last updated on Aug 28, 2023.
Nonetheless, we will take every endeavour to ensure your privacy is protected to the maximum extent possible.
We collect your personal information where we have relevant legal obligations or to protect users' vital interests.
We may review your activity and messages to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public.
An email address is required to have a Member account to ensure we can properly authenticate potential users of that account.
The users you interact with may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity.
You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in emails.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy represents Your agreement to information transfer.
Parents may contact us at [dotorgmail@sesame.org].
You can ask us to transfer your information to another organization processed based on your consent or the performance of the contract.
n order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us:* By email: [[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)
We may collect information about you from other publicly available sources.
To Receive Our Newsletter, We Need Your Email Address.
Analytics cookies and scripts are used to measure, understand, and anonymously report on your usage of our Website.
In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in the United States may be entitled to access your personal information.
If we have denied your Consumer request you have the ability to file an appeal with us.
You have the right to be informed about those recipients.
We never receive your financial information from these third-parties as part of establishing or linking an EA Account.
Performance Cookies  collect information about how you use the Services.
This does not apply where the decision
We limit our sharing of your Personal Data to:ADP Group Companies,Our service providers, Our business partners.
The restriction will apply until we ensure the accuracy of the personal data.
we collect location data. You can choose whether it's accurate or not.
Question.AI also requests your permission for flashlight and alarm wake lock, which do not collect user personal information.
It’s your right to be informed of the Personal Information we process, and how we process it.
We collect sensitive information about you.
Your information is used to process and deliver entries and awards;
For more information about rights or choices and how to exercise them, please visit the(https://mydata.capitalone.com/) page or review our [Capital One CCPA disclosure](/privacy/ccpa-disclosure) and [Capital One Workforce CCPA Disclosure](https://ecm.capitalone.com/WCM/privacy/capital-one-workforce-ccpa- disclosure.pdf), or contact us.
last updated: **January 2023**.
You may be able to alter settings on your browser, device, or other software to block or partially block third parties.
We may retain information that no longer identifies you indefinitely.
We may share your personal information with third party service providers that assist us with the operation of our business, including entities that assist with order fulfillment and returns processing; payment processing; marketing and advertisements; business analytics; customer relationship management; operation of and maintenance of the Sites; operation of our Creator program; auditors or business advisors; and for other operational purposes.
Notice Acceptance Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
Residents of EEA, Switzerland, or the UK have  Right of access and/or portability; Right of erasure; Right to object to processing; Right to rectification; Right to restrict processing**
We may share with third parties anonymous, aggregated information about all our users.
You give us information when you register on the Services, which you disclose in your user profile.
We may share information about Internet / electronic activity.
We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.”
We will disclose personal data if we deem it necessary
You have the right to know if we sell or share personal information with third parties;
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data to * Comply with a legal obligation * Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company * Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing * Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public * Protect against legal liability.
We will notify you of the material changes by posting the notice or contacting you directly.
We use your information for conducting internal research and analytics.
we might not be able to fulfill certain requests.
If these settings are disabled, we will stop collecting and using certain event and log information.
If we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify You by posting a notice
Our online services may offer links to third parties' websites.
Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action.
We may use and share such information as necessary for our business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.
Sayhi! may use this information without personally identifying You, to improve its products or to provide services or technologies.
We store the information we collect for as long as it is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it.
When you see stats we share publicly, we make sure to analyze and publish the data in an aggregated form, protecting your privacy and keeping your identity and personal information confidential.
Our app is analyzed with technologies from AppsFlyer Inc. (111 New Montgomery Street, San Francisco, California 94105).
You can also delete [reviews] you have left on apps, games and other content in the Play Store.
At Peloton, we put Members first and respect your ability to exercise your privacy rights and choices.
Social Media
* Create and maintain your Medium account; * Process transactions and send related information; * Send you technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; * Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service; * Communicate with you the news and information about Medium or interesting; * Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services; * Detect, investigate, and prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and protect the rights and property of Medium and others; * Debug to identify and repair errors in our Services; * Comply with our legal and financial obligations; and * Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
Our Services cannot read from or write to your device’s health app without your consent.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Services.
If you would like to opt out of receiving promotional messages, please email [privacy@centurygame.com]
We may receive additional information about you to help detect fraud and safety issues from third-party service providers and/or partners, and combine it with information we have about you.
This data is used to provide the Services and to measure, customize, and improve them.
You have many options to control this data collection and sharing activity through the App Settings.
The Service Providers help us to  run, operate, and maintain our Services through third-party platform and software tools.
If we need to collect additional information for other purposes we will first seek your permission.
we may collect information from those third-party accounts.
We collect information needed to provide, maintain, and improve Question.AI and/or our services * Information knowingly provided by you and/or your child * Information collected with your consent * Information collected from other sources (such as third parties) in accordance with this Policy
We may use the information from accounts connected to your X account to provide you with features, and to operate our services.
With your permission, we may also access your photo or camera roll.
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google
We perform regular vulnerability assessments of our systems and network to protect your personal data.
We use information to prevent unauthorized or misuse of the App.
We may collect your and the other person’s names, email addresses, and/or phone numbers to send an email or text message and follow up with the other person.
For example, we need to collect your credit card and bank account details in order to be able to process your payments for the betting services.
We may send push notifications to your mobile device with your consent.
Necessary to protect your life, property and other significant legal rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain your consent, or we have reason to believe that someone is or may be harming or interfering with our rights or property; Other users or any other person who may be harmed by such activities; We will only share your personal information.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
You can enable or disable location services at any time by way of your device settings.
We will select a readily useable format to provide your personal information for data portability requests.
The right to request disclosure of our information sharing practices - a list of categories of personal information that are sold with the category of third party recipients and a list of categories of personal information that we disclose for commercial purposes
When you contact us or reversely, we collect any information that you provide, including the contents you send us.
The expiration time or retention period applicable to persistent cookies depends on the purpose of the cookie collection and tool used.
The removal of content under this provision does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the Services by you.
payment service providers that provide us with payment or balance information, or updates to that information, based on their relationship with you;
We receive Information from third-party advertising providers, including user ID and Information on your interactions on our Mobile Games.
Only authorized patrons of the library are permitted to access and check digital content from the library's digital collection.
We track click-through data to determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications.
For example, if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.
You can turn off the automatic loading of the Steam store page and Steam notifications in the "Interface" section of the Steam Client settings.
You can opt-out of our marketing communications at any time.
You can request that we delete your Personal Data to opt-out of such sharing.
Your information is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
We process your data to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
Advertising affiliates may be able to determine who their users are in common with users of the Indeed service.
* **Candidate data** , such as employment history, qualifications, academic qualifications and education records, and any other information that you provide to us when applying for a job with us.
The right to opt out of our sale and sharing of your personal data.
We will disclose information to a third party if we sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell our assets.
You can [withdraw your consent](https://umaxapp.com/privacy/#withdrawconsent) at any time.
If you opt-out as a guest, your preferences will only apply to the device or browser.
Specifically, account owners may have access to: * ****Account Usage:**** * **Product Usage:** Information about how users and their devices interact with their account, which may include who sent messages to their users in chat, email addresses, IP addresses, device information, and other information about who joined meetings or webinars on their account, whether their users viewed or downloaded a recording, how long participants participated in their meetings, the time a message was sent, information about Zoom Phone integrations, and other usage information and feedback metrics.
PAZU will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes.
You may request erasure, suspension of processing or anonymization if the personal information is excessive for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.
Modified on: October 1, 2022
When Waze processes a payment for you, we’ll retain this data for longer periods of time as required for tax or accounting purposes.
Your personal information may be processed in Hong Kong, or any other country in which we, our Affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities.
we do not sell, rent, share or disclose the personal information or personal health information we hold or make our membership list available to others for a fee without your consent.
We collect children's information for customizing content and improve those services.
However, some such cookies may collect GeoIP or other identifiers that may be considered personal data in some jurisdictions.
We disclose personal information about you to vendors.
We may reasonably verify your identity and authority to make these requests.
Separate privacy policy for employee data.
We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis and depending on the retention laws.
HEALOW complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
If we have obtained your consent to process your personal data for certain activities (for example, for marketing purposes), you may withdraw this consent at any time
You have options to manage your Service account, communications you receive from us, and how we use your information.
Enable members to search for and connect with members
Use of Game Data is necessary to perform our contract with you.
We may share aggregated and anonymous information.
Therefore, any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Policy or your use of the Site or Services is subject to binding arbitration and a waiver of class action rights, as detailed in Section 15 of the Terms of Service.
We may disclose your information to comply with any court order, law, or legal process.
No security system is impenetrable and we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of our systems and your information.
If your information is available to the general public, it may also be searchable by search engines.
We collect and use your personal data for the following purposes:1.     to enable us to provide our games;2.   to enable us to optimize our games;3.   to deliver customized events,to manage our organization and operations;4.    to verify your identity and entitlement to products ;5.  to request your participation in our surveys, to help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and Services, technology assets and business;6.  to operate, improve and optimize our games and other Services;7.  to personalize our Services,  understand our users and their preferences to enhance user experience ;8.   to provide access to certain areas, functionalities and features of our Services;      9.  to communicate with you regarding Services-related information, including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;10.  to enable players to communicate with each other in games or on our social media accounts;  11. to respond to your comments and inquiries and provide customer support services;  12. to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including cheating or fraud and to protect our players;  13.  to measure interest in our Services;14.  to ensure internal quality control;      15.to enable us to comply with laws that apply to us;17.to prevent fraud, to ensure compliance with our Terms of Service or, where necessary, to defend, exercise or establish our legal rights;  18.to comply with contractual and legal obligations and requirements; 19.to provide support through our customer service channels when requested; 20.to conduct internal research and analytics;  and as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required or permitted by law.
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures intended to protect your data.
If you believe your password has been compromised, you should change it immediately.
Automated decision
Fomo may collect aggregated and/or de-identified information.
We have no control over how third-party site uses or discloses the personal information.
We use ad identifiers and similar technologies to provide our Services to you and in order to collect data from your device.
We will disclose to Califonia residents our business or commercial purpose for collecting the personal information.
We will continue to evaluate this Policy and change it.
we will immediately delete your Personal Data or respectively the Personal Data of your child if you withdraw your consent.
These third parties may use their own tracking technologies to collect or request information about you, please see our [Cookie Notice](/privacy/cookies) for details.
Our legal basis for data processing is legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration and services.
you can access, update, rectify and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control and to withdraw your consent.
last updated: **January 2023**.
Sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages.
We may collect Standard Network Traffic Information.
Our sites and apps are not intended for children.
We may retain your personal information for as long as you have an Account with us.
We do not control, supervise or stand surety for how the third parties process your personal data, that might be collected by their own means.
We share information with companies who belong to the same group as Miniclip.
We may not have access to information these companies collect using cookies or other tracking technologies.
To track and analyze the behavior of application users, we use Firebase remote configuration.
You can log in to the Service and enter the necessary changes in the account settings to exercise the right to rectification.
Unearby inc and SayHi use password protection, access logs, and system monitoring to safeguard the confidentiality and security of information.
We may use the information to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences.
If you are a California user, you can contact us at [californiaprivacy@weather.com]
We keep your information as long as is necessary to provide the Services.
You can connect your social media or other third-party account to your Poshmark account.
Delta may disclose information pertaining to an unaccompanied minor’s itinerary, for example, in ensuring the safety and security of the child traveling on Delta flights, complying with applicable law and regulations, and coordinating transportation and other services with the child’s parents or guardian.
We do not collect payment information through our Services.
We do not sell the personal information of Californian users that we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization .
You may unsubscribe from marketing emails and newsletters through the opt-out link in email from us.
We do not collect personal information from any person we actually know is under the age of 16 without the consent of the parent or legal guardian of that minor.
Personal Information we share: Identifiers, Categories of Personal Information in Cal.Civ.Code Section 1798.80€, Commercial Information, Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, Geolocation Data, and Professional or employment-related information.
We may facilitate interactions with social media or other third-party platforms which may include the ability to “like” or “share” content.
You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn, which may affect your use of our Service .
We ensure a consistent experience by linking devices and browser data.
The supplemental information allows us to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products and Services and to provide you with any marketing communications that you have provided your consent to receive.
• Detecting/Protecting against security events • Customer service • Operate our business and games • Game mechanics or functionality • Facilitate players’ social interactions • Product development/improvement • Maintaining and enhancing service • Advertising • Player acquisition
You can choose to permit installation of such Cookies or disable them.
We obtain the categories of personal information directly from You.
We employ appropriate security measures
OverDrive will store your address to provide your name, address, mobile phone number, and email address to your library, where you may be eligible for a library card for access to additional library resources.
We may amend this Privacy Policy.
We collect your device information, including: hardware and software information; information on your wireless and mobile network connection; and information on device sensors.
We may use the information to  *Operate, understand, optimize, develop, or improve our sites, applications, products, services and operations; and * Detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies, pose safety issues, or be fraudulent or illegal; and * Notify you of product recalls or safety issues.
We may disclose or share your information *to third parties to process your information on our behalf, or to assist us in providing our services and/or products; to the party;providing the service or product when you request or purchase;* to other Delta Group Companies
* To manage your Data Rights on The Weather Channel in-vehicle application, please email [twc-auto-support@weather.com](mailto:twc-auto-support@weather.com).
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and access to the personal data, together with certain additional information.
We are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or cybersecurity measures contained on our Services, and any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We share your personal information with relevant StarUnion group companies to operate the Game services;
* Personal identifiers; * Financial information; * Commercial information; * Internet or other electronic network activity information,  * Location data; and * This and other information you may direct us to share with other parties.
We may collect and use your non-personal information that does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity or directly relate to an identified individual.
When you set up an Instacart account, we collect your username and password, and other relevant information we request.
We also collect your voice data with you consent to use your microphone.
This website may link to other websites that collect personal information.
the third-party providers/contractors can only process your data on our behalf and do not use it for their own purposes.
Our Services may also track information such as your interaction with the URL .
You can exercise opt-out choices by clicking the "Your Privacy Choices" link in our sites or by clicking the pages.
You profile information may be shared with your SayHi contacts.
We use Device ID, Device Information to improve our services: for security and verification purposes; identify and address bugs and assess game function for optimization; and to combat users registering for multiple accounts.
You may edit some of your personal data through your account or ask us to change, update, or fix your data in certain cases.
Emails:  [**support@flo.health**] or [**dpo@flo.health**].
California Residents have the rights to know about personal information collected, disclosed, or sold.
We may share a common account identifier with our third-party advertising partners to help identify you across devices.
We use your information to prevent fraudulent, malicious, deceptive, abusive, or unlawful activities.
Last updated: September 13, 2023.
We may receive information from cookies and similar technologies.
We do not allow interest-based advertising on portions of our services that are directed to children or where we know that the user is a child or teen under 16.
We implement measures to protect your information against the loss, misuse, and alteration.
However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
If we decline to take action on a request, you may have the right to appeal our decision.
In order to improve the security of your account and to prevent spam, abuse and other violations of our Terms of Service, we may collect metadata such as your IP address, device you have used the Telegram app, username change history, etc.
All personal data that was stored in the context of the user's contacting us will be deleted in this case.
We also retain a device identifier and limited log information for up to 2 years following account deletion to support internal reporting, metrics and statistics.
We will send emails or text messages inviting that referred person to use our Services, or provide you a link that you can send to that person.
In certain regions, we recognize an opt-out preference signal sent by your web browser as a valid request to opt-out of the sale and sharing of the personal information processed via the browser you are using.
**Marketing and Promotions:** To permit Zoom and/or its third party marketing partners to market, advertise, and promote Zoom products and services, including based on your product usage, information we receive from third-party partners, information you provide to process referral invitations, or if you visit our websites, information about how and when you visit, and your interactions with them.
We cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy policy as this one.
For contractors and supplier representatives, we may process identifying information and work-related information as needed to manage our relationship with you and your employer
We will process your personal data as long as you use the Service.
Right to Opt Out.
Request deletion of your personal information through the Tile app by clicking on “Settings”, then “Manage Account”, and finally by clicking on “Delete Account” and following the on-screen instructions.
In supergroups and channels, deleting a message removes it for all participants.
Allow its suppliers or business partners, who have accepted its strict privacy policies, to use it.
We acquire, hold, use and process human resources data for various business purposes
We may temporarily suspend your use of the service for suspicious access without permission until we can clarify what happened.
We may use the information to facilitate your communication with friends and other players and enable you to share information with other people.
Retention of information: We may retain information as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations, including to honor your choices, for our billing or records purposes and to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
we are a data controller for the information.
we may use information about you for carrying out legal and business purposes.
We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena, or to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Our servers record log data, including cookies that your browser automatically sends.
We do not knowingly collect personal information directly from children under 16 without parental consent.
Address: **Flo Health LTU UAB,** Saltoniškių street 2 Vilnius, LT-08126, Lithuania **(our main EU establishment)**.
This Privacy Policy applies from July 1, 2023.
We use Personal Data for Device permissions to access Personal Data.
We are not responsible for any Payment Service’s use of information collected through any Payment Service.
Data is stored beyond the session for the purpose of fraud prevention
contact our Data Protection Officer at [dpo@mnogogames.com].
We will process your personal data as long as you use the Service.
we do not have any knowledge of sales or sharing of personal information of minors.
we have disclosed each category of personal information listed in Section 13(a)
If you click on an AD that directs you to one of our services, we will get information about which AD network and campaign the installation originated from.
You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data is being transferred
If a player has a social media account and has logged in to the game, we may obtain the age information of that player through that account.
We share information with measurement and analytics vendors.
Data encryption and the use of pseudonyms (if applicable) are used to protect your data.
The AppChoices app may be used to limit the collection of cross-app data for interest-based advertising by participating DAA member companies.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing of your personal information which produces legal or similarly significant effects on you.
Our legitimate interest, as long as it does not conflict with your data protection interests or with your basic rights or liberties.
we do not control the actions of the social media or other third party platforms, where you post or share photos, videos or audio.
If you no longer want to receive them, you can turn them off at the device level.
Last updated: July, 2023.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information.
We may publicly post your reviews and comments online on our website or mobile app or link your reviews to third-party websites.
To seek recourse for an unresolved concern, [visit JAMS' Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution page](https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield) .
we collect information from and about you and the device(s) you use
We cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted directly from the application to such third parties.
Your Information is processed by us or our service providers in different countries around the world.
We collect your interactions with our email and text messages, as well as with our messages through push and online messaging channels;
To prevent, detect and fight fraud and other illegal or unauthorized activities
We use Log information to collect you information automatically.
When we transfer your personal data internationally, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that it is treated securely, lawfully, and in the manner we describe here.
You can turn off push notifications by visiting the “options” or “settings” page within the relevant games.
This right may be limited to the extent that Scopely is permitted
You can indicate your preference to prevent receiving any marketing offers via direct mail.
We do not intentionally collect or seek to elicit "sensitive personal information" under the CPRA.
We may disclose your Personal Data when it is necessary to Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company.
The App also may access metadata and other information associated with other  relevant files.
You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if, in our discretion, it will result in the handling of your Personal Information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy.
In order to exercise your rights, please contact the third party services listed in Section 4 of this Privacy Policy to learn how to object to the processing of your data.
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions, and other compliance activities;
do not use the chat assistance feature to prevent such recording, use and retention.
Users can opt out of marketing communications.
Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
We retain certain data to protect users, and us from fraud, abuse, and unauthorized access.
Do Not Sell or Share or Process My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia Residents only).
You may have certain rights concerning your information depending on your location or residency.
We may share information with the following advertising networks we work with: Facebook, Admob, Reklamup, A4G, UnityAds, IronSource, Applovin, Vungle, Amazon, Fyber, TapJoy, Chartboost, AdColony, Pangle, AlgoriX Pubnative, Inmobi, Pubmatic, Smaato.
Please click the “unsubscribe” link or contact us at unsubscribe@scopely.com to opt out of email communications.
You may withdraw your consent at any time for any data
We retain your data for the duration of your account's active status or as long as it is necessary to provide services.
Your Personal Data may be transferred in the event of a merger, acquisition or asset sale.
This section applies to any individuals located within the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, or any jurisdiction to which similar privacy laws apply.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only (i) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (such as to provide our Services), (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or (iii) where we have your consent to do so.
*Registration Information:** Information provided during registration for a webinar, meeting, Zoom Room, or recording hosted by the account.
We will take all reasonably necessary precautions to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, disclosure, use or modification.
We will delete or de-identify your personal data as reasonably possible in the following cases: a.When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information; b.When we stop operating our Service; c.When you request your data to be deleted by sending email to us at privacy@centurygame.com; d.When a platform, such as Meta requires the deletion of your Open Platform Data at their discretion, either to protect you or as part of their compliance review; e. When required by applicable law or regulation.
Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
On a temporary or permanent basis, as required for the purposes of a joint venture, collaboration, financing, sale, merger, reorganization, change of legal form, dissolution or similar event.
The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls.
We’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any Third-party Service.
your privacy request may be denied if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or would like to process the deletion of your data, send an email to [privacy@centurygame.com].
The data-protection laws in the countries may be less stringent than those in your country of residence.
Services do not collect this information in the ordinary course; we only receive it, if you choose to provide it to us.
Telegram collects your email address.
We may use the information to Send you news and/or marketing communications.
However, neither we nor our partners collect location information more granular than city level without your explicit consent.
Some Enabled Radios can send the precise geolocation of your vehicle to Sirius XM with you consent.
We are not responsible for the actions, terms, use of information, products or services of third parties.
We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy.
We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect your personal information.
mail at: Privacy Department Indeed Ireland Operations Limited Dublin – Block B, Capital Dock 80 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay Grand Canal Dock Dublin 2, D02 HE36 Ireland.
Personal data is personally identifiable information that identifies a user as an individual.
If you are interested in the practices of a particular ADP Group Company,you can contact us at [privacy@adp.com](/terms/privacy- terms.aspx).
* Complete your transaction; * Provide you a service we offer; * Fix our system in the case of a bug; * Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
We may receive information about you contained in third-party user accounts when you use EA online Services on or through third-party gaming platforms.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our websites, but your ability to use some features or areas of our websites may be limited.
We collect Internet or other electronic network activity information.
As a general rule, ParkWhiz will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information; except when we have your permission or under special circumstances.
we collect your usage information and your device information.
We will use Personal Information only to validate the request.
We DO NOT sell your personal information, but we share your information with our affiliates, service providers, and contractors.
you can opt out of certain types of processing that we undertake.
EU and UK data protection law distinct “data controllers” and “data processors”.
The attendee, who agrees to become a panelist during a webinar, may be visible to other attendees.
You understand that when you allow our Services to interact with any third party social network and/or platform, Etermax may share data about you with your contacts and other users of the Services, and vice versa.
This App does not collect personally identifiable data that you provide by filling in forms in the App.
We typically receive the latitude and longitude of your device, as well as date and time and sensor data.
We may also use and disclose information about you that is not personally identifiable.
Web browsers often store your preferences in a cookie.
personal data concerning you has to be erased
A “cookie” is used to remember and/or obtain information about the user.
We use your Personal Information to (a) help maintain the security and integrity of the Services, (b) detect, prevent, investigate, and protect you, our business, our users, and others from fraud, unauthorized transactions, and other unsafe activity, and (c) protect the safety, rights, or property of any person, the public, or Instacart.
We keep your information as long as you have an active account or as long as necessary to provide our services.
If you are the account owner, to download a copy of your personal information go to: [netflix.com/account/getmyinfo](https://www.netflix.com/account/getmyinfo) (you must be signed in to access the "Account" section), and follow the instructions.
Other information
By enabling your child to create a member account and/or permitting your child to use the Products or Services, you expressly agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your child’s personal information as described herein.
We delete log files after a period of fourteen days.
You can exercise your right to access directly within the service by [putting in a request.](https://account.gotinder.com/data?locale%3Den)
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time.
You may provide information directly when you use or access the Services.
Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser’s cookie and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Site.
We may also use third parties to collect and process the data on Indeed’s behalf to improve the Sites, protect our users, and optimize our services.
When you set up a profile on a Sirius XM Service, you provide us with personal data and agree that personal data and usage information associated to your profile may be collected and processed.
Opting out of a network does mean that the network will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.
Our Sites or Services may not function properly when you try to use them without your agreement to our collection of the geolocation information.
You can exercise your right to delete by [submitting a request](https://gotinder.com/help)
please email our support team at support@flo.health or email our data protection officer at dpo@flo.health for any concerns about our privacy practices.
use cookies to Browse through the Site and use the different options or services that exist in it/
We do not sell the personal information of Nevada residents.
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us
You can have incomplete, incorrect, outdated, or unnecessary personal data corrected, or updated.
You may provide information when you Connect with or access our Services using a third-party ID or log-in.
we may share information about you to learn more about how we use online tracking technology to conduct personalization, analytics, and targeted advertising, and how you can opt out.
Obtain additional details regarding Scopely’s information practices : You may have the right to request disclosures regarding Scopely’s information practices.
Contact us using our Privacy Rights Request form and make sure you include the words “Nevada opt-out” in the “Request Details” section of the request form.
You have the right correct inaccurate information
You can unsubscribe from these at any time in your device settings or in-app settings.
We may also use tools from third-party providers to collect and analyze non-personal data from your device.
You may object to our processing of your Personal Information relying on our legitimate interests.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request certain copies of your personal information or information about how we handle your personal information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and/or request that we transmit this information to another service provider.
certain apps like the Digital Advertising Alliance's "AppChoices" app can assist you in exercising your behavioral advertising preferences.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymisation.
Zoom works with third-party service providers to provide, support, and improve Zoom products and services and technical infrastructure, and for business services such as payment processing,.
We may share data that has been aggregated, de-identified, or pseudonymized or Device Data, and general location information with advertising companies, analytics providers, and attribution and measurement vendors.
For more information about Third Party advertising, please visit at(https://www.networkadvertising.org) .You may opt out of being targeted by many Third Party advertising companies by visiting(http://bit.ly/2Ig9IgT).
You can ask us for a copy of or disclosure concerning your personal data you provided to us.
You have the right to access your Personal Data that we hold about you.
If you do not maintain the security of your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may be able to access your account, including your personal information.
We collect children's information to serve contextual advertising and limiting how often you or your child see a particular advertisement on those services.
We may transfer your personal information to countries or territories whose laws have **_not_** been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal information by those relevant authorities (e.g., the United States).
You can set your browser to block or alert you about strictly necessary cookies.
We will require you to prove your identity.
We process the information with your specific consent.
Administer contests, surveys, and sweepstakes you enter
We may update our Privacy Policy.
email us if someone has accessed your account without your permission.
Life360 is not responsible for information or data transmitted to a third party as a result of a member providing an incorrect phone number or email address.
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
We collect information through automatic data collection technologies.
In addition, some mobile devices come with a resettable advertising ID  that allow us and our service providers to identify your mobile device over time for advertising purposes.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system and other diagnostic data.
You may request to delete or restrict access to your personal data.
You confirm to us that you have obtained their authorization to provide their informaiton and their consent to your use of their information if you provide information to us about your travel companions or other individuals.
All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live.
These service providers and other parties include background check providers, insurance partners, financial service providers, marketing providers, and other businesses.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted over the internet and we do not warrant the security of any information, including personal data, which you transmit to us over the internet.
We retain your Personal Information for no longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected or as otherwise permitted or under Legal Obligations or under the Grindr Terms and Conditions of Service and/or the Grindr Community Guidelines.
We use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites.
we automatically collect Identifiers from California residents.
We may share your personal information with a third party to collect, store, hold and manage your personal information.
Local storage allows data about your browser or device to be stored locally on your browser or device and includes HTML5 local storage and browser cache.
information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with any acquisition or merger carried out by Indeed of such third parties.
When you sign up for programs, we may ask you to provide your contact details, collect information about your activities on our Platform and your purchases, and draw inferences about your preferences, and collect other categories of personal information about you.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information or one year has elapsed, we will either delete such information.
We will also interpret a GPC signal as a request to limit the sale or sharing of personal information for targeted advertising for residents of the European Economic Area, the UK, and Brazil.
We use the collected data to  detect, prevent and address technical issues.
we may ask your permission to publicly post certain information on the Services identifying you as the winner.
Capital One may customize content and advertisements for our products and services.
With third-party cookies blocked, you may be unable to use all of the features available on our Sites.
You can learn whether or how you can manage cookies on your browser on your browser developer’s support center, help menu, or website.
We collect the information received from advertising and analytics partners.
The Services may offer options to post or otherwise submit information, photos, videos, graphics, creative suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts,  ratings, or other materials on or to the Services (collectively, "Submissions").
we will notify you about the data breach of your unencrypted personal information.
We process data in order to promote the benefits of our services in a reasonably targeted manner.
We will provide you with a list of the categories of personal information disclosed and a list of the names and addresses of the third parties.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional newsletters at any time
You can disable your account in Help Center.
we will be unable to provide our services without your data.
We also allow [specific partners] to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
Specific information to process an order, for customer service purposes, to make a delivery or for billing purposes.
Only collect Personal Information for the uses described herein.
By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services.
With your consent, we may share or allow online advertising networks, social media companies and other third-party services to collect information about your use of our Services
We may review, scan, or analyze your communications on the Airbnb Platform, for fraud prevention, security investigations, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, product development, research, analytics, enforcing our Terms of Service, and customer support purposes.
We may use your personal data tocross-advertise our Services and products and to send push notifications for changes to our Services, to allow you to participate in new features of our Services when you choose to do so.
We may collect the content you create, upload, generate, or access through the Services, including actions you take on the Services.
We may share your personal data with unaffiliated third parties with whom we have a business relationship.
We use tools to collect information, including cookies, pixels, software development kits, advertising identifiers, and other similar technologies.
Super Free Games collects and controls the information in the United States.
We may share your personal information with competent law enforcement agencies, regulators, our insurance companies, outside legal counsel, government agencies, courts, or other third parties where we believe disclosure is necessary
we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party.
We may collect your PII when you create an OverDrive account.
We also use third-party advertising companies to serve and load ads on certain parts of our Services.
We may also disclose your information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (ii) enforce our agreements with you; (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (iv) protect the security or integrity of YouVersion; or (v) exercise or protect the rights and safety of YouVersion, Users, our personnel, or others.
Owner contact email: [info@hubx.co].
you may choose to opt in to receiving push notifications.
The information shared with third parties may be used for industry analysis, ad targeting, tracking ad conversions or demographic profiling, or other purposes related to providing the Services.
We may also receive information about you when other players choose to share their contact lists with us or from publicly-available websites.
FSIM may send promotional materials or notifications.
For additional information and rights available to consumers in certain states, see the [U.S. States Privacy Notice](https://www.onepeloton.com/us- states-privacy-notice).
We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to the App, which may use cookies or similar technologies.
We may protect your personal information and ensure the accuracy and timely update of the personal information.
You can write to dotorgmail@sesame.org.
we may share your information with third-party service providers and business partners.
We will protect that information when we transfer your information.
Some NBCUniversal Services may provide additional details on their data retention practices, you can check them out on their website.
Where your information is transferred outside of your local market, we use contractual measures and internal mechanisms requiring the recipient to comply with the privacy standards of the exporter, we will use one of the mechanisms listed below.
We may request certain Information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to their Information records and may restrict access to Information as required.
We may automatically collect certain information from you, including your IP address, device information for the computer, mobile device, tablet or other device, including the hardware model and mobile network information, browser type, operating system, products or services you purchase or access, content, screens or pages viewed and interactions with content, screens or pages, URL and the preceding page views or websites visited, what third party referred you to our Services, and mobile device configurations.
If parents may also create a Nintendo account on behalf of a Child,parents will need to provide certain Personal Data about the Child to Nintendo.
If you use our Services, we will still collect some personal data about you and process it as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
You have the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights.
Personal information shared by account owners and users with third-party apps and integrations is collected and processed in accordance with the app developers’ terms and privacy policies.
GitHub may disclose personal data or other information we collect about you to law enforcement or other governmental agencies if required in response to a valid legal process.
Facilitate your communication with friends and other players, and enable features that allow you to share information with other people (for example, if you choose to use friend invite features);
We may collect your visual image or likeness if you visit our studios and/or showrooms or participate in live studio classes.
Two of Life360’s Business Partners, Arity and Placer.ai, both provide important services to us as our service provider as well as have the right to commercialize aggregated data for certain purposes while also upholding your privacy.
Log file information is automatically reported each time you log in the App.
We will update the effective date and post a notice on the Services for  material changes to our privacy policy.
Dream Games processes your personal data in order to provide the Services.
The shared information will remain associated with your Indeed Profile until you modify or delete it.
Once the robot has access to the message, it can see everything that is happening in the group.
You may be able to access, modify, and/or correct certain personal information
Contact information: Data Protection Officer, Renee Lopez-Pineda, at [Privacy@delta.com](mailto:privacy@delta.com) or contact our [Customer Care Center](/us/en/need-help/overview) by telephone or mail.
**Last updated: May 31, 2023**
Effective Date: October 15, 2023.
PayPal may provide aggregated statistical data to third-parties about how, when, and why Users visit our Sites and use our Services.
Please note that some services involve the analysis of personal data and may obtain information about you through the use of technology that is not within our responsibility.
Moon Active may share your Personal Data pursuant to your explicit approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so, or if we have successfully rendered the data non-personal and anonymous.
We process your information To protect your vital interests or those of others;As necessary for our (or others’) legitimate interests.
Fomo may share information to serve Users with relevant ads.
We collect information you provide when you compose, send, or receive messages through the Platform’s messaging functionalities.
You have the right to ask Dream Games to correct or complete your personal data if it is wrong or incomplete.
California residents may request a list of certain third parties to which we have disclosed certain personal information about you for the third party’s own direct marketing purposes.
Specific settings to your mobile or device manufacturer may allow you to change or block the transmission of your device ID and other Device Data.
You need to reset your opt-out cookies for the deletion of all cookies.
With your consent, we may disclose your information to non-affiliated third parties to provide services or products.
You can object to the sale of your personal information according to CCPA rules.
In addition to information that you may willingly submit to OverDrive, OverDrive may collect and store certain PII and non-PII related to your interactions and use of our Services.
Fomo may transfer Personal Information abroad to its business partners and service providers for legitimate business purposes.
We also share information with other services, at your direction.
We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
The services target advertisements on third-party websites based on cookies or other information indicating previous interaction with our Site.
When you use or interact with our online services, we collect your device data.
your Insider account and Intelligence account are not linked and changes to, or the deletion of, one account will not affect any other account.
Your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will be subject to the revised Privacy Policy.
After the expiry of this period, the IP address and the log files are deleted completely
We sometimes ask you to provide proof of identity or age in order to use certain features, such as livestream or verified accounts, or when you apply for a Pro Account, ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform, or in other instances where verification may be required.
You can help maintain the security of your account by [configuring two-factor authentication].
Advertising Vendors use various technologies to: track how the Services are used, what pages or content users interact with, and what sites or mobile applications users interact with after they leave the Services; link users' devices; and serve more relevant ads on and within the Services or other websites or mobile applications that you visit.
We collect, record, process, analyze, and store any and all activities you take on the Site and on the [affiliated sites], and any and all interactions and communications you have with, on, or through the Site and [affiliated sites].
The third parties with whom we share your personal information include those parties set out the Appendix to this Privacy Policy.
We urge parents to regularly monitor and supervise their children's online activities.
This Privacy Policy may be revised, amended, or promulgated at the sole discretion of the Fomo.
We may ask for access to your camera in case you want to use certain features of our Services.
We collect Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them.
We also use personal data to manage our relationships and contracts with account owners and others, including billing, compliance with contractual obligations, facilitating payment to third-party developers in relation to purchases made through the Zoom App Marketplace, and related administration.
We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Amazon Services.
We may build features that help users engage with voice and video content.
We may obtain information about you from third parties such as marketers, partners, researchers, sponsors, and others.
other companies can provide analytics regarding your use of our Services.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals.
we may detect your general location based on your device’s IP address information, so that we can automatically show you the weather for your approximated area.
We cannot guarantee its absolute security despite the commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data.
Log Data may be aggregated and is used to monitor and analyze use of the Service.
Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a readable format.
If you violate our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions or policies, we may remove your profile and User Content from public view immediately, but may keep other information about you to process the violation.
For commercial transactions where certain conditions are met, we process your information
We may use the information to comply with legal requirements and/or investigate or address claims or disputes.
Your identity is verified again before any action is taken with your personal information to prevent false requests from leading to information leakage.
you can request further information regarding the purpose and scope of the data collection and processing: Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r.l. and Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l., all three of them with a registered office at 5, Rue Plaetis, L-2338 Luxembourg; e-mail: ad-feedback@amazon.de.
If you reside in California, Canada, or Colorado, you may authorize another person or entity to submit an access or deletion request on your behalf .
We collect the information about your public profile and your friends and contacts
We reserve the right to amend this Policy at any time and from time to time, and we encourage you to regularly review this Policy to get the latest revision.
PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC Attn: Privacy Department 10300 W. Charleston Blvd, Suite 13272 Las Vegas, NV 89135
This information allows third-party ad networks, inter alia, to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will interest you.
If you completely deactivate your account, all your progress in our games and any unspent virtual items will be lost, and we may not be able to restore them in the future.
Any information that is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third-Party Service is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy.
contact our DPO by sending an email to privacy-dept @ indeed.com.
**Protecting our Platforms and user rights, including:**
You can manage the disclosure by selecting the appropriate setting or by giving your consent.
If you are a California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia or Utah Consumer, you have the following rights:
Such technologies and third-party-provided services may observe or record your activities when using our Services, including certain movements, scrolling, visit duration, clicks, and other interactions.
We will immediately erase the information that is  from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent.
We may expand our Services with additional third-party content to provide you with added features and better user experience.
we automatically collect information about the type of device you use, operating system, resolution, application version, mobile device identifiers, language and time zone, and IP address.
We do not "sell" or "share" personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
* Follow the prompts as provided by the Support team; and
We use the information to develop and serve advertisements on our Service or through e-mails or other communications.
You may also request a copy of the personal data collected during your use of the Application at (mailto:support@brainimpulse.me).
We may use cookies, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Service to help customize the Service
We use the above categories of personal information as part of our Privacy Statement for the purposes outlined in the [GitHub Privacy Statement], such as fulfilling our legal obligations, improving our internal operations, and conducting research.
We collect your delivery address information.
Although you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests.
We will provide an advance notice of substantial changes via the communication means available to us, or on the Services.
Last updated: April 17, 2023
We use your personal information to communicate with you about Amazon Services.
Your choice is linked to your privacy preferences in your Member account’s Privacy & Cookies page.
We may collect non-financial purchase information from digital distribution platforms.
We and partners working on our behalf may use tracking technologies to collect information from your device.
You can file a complaint with the National Authority of Personal Data Protection by addressing the front desk of the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights.
You may provide your Biographic and Demographic information.
IIf you are located outside the United States, you must be over the age required by the laws of your country or we need to have obtained verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian.
Our services may collect data about when users of the application view messages and when they interact with messages.
The cookies enables us to  better understand the use of our website for parents.
Such as images of your government-issued ID , your ID number or other verification information, a selfie when we verify your ID, bank account or payment account information.
You are encouraged to read the privacy statements of each site that collects information from you.
We collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in connection with your job application.
We cannot provide the service without the information provided.
You can choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings.
Budge Studios automatically collects information about your use of the Platforms to help us improve our services or for other purposes as described。
Customer identification information is including: Secure Flight Passenger Data, such as your government issued ID; your full name; your contact details, such as postal address (or temporary address in the U.S. for non-U.S. customers); telephone numbers; email address; date of birth, gender; Known Traveler Number; and Redress Number; * Advance Passenger Information such as passport or other travel document number (including machine-readable information), nationality, issue date and location, expiry date, and country of residence; * information from the Department of Homeland Security or similar authorities responsible for security in other countries, if traveling from certain airports; * biometric information (such as finger, face, voice, or iris).
We also use your information as permitted by law.
We also may receive your information and your household from third parties to enhance our Services.
We may share Your information with Our business partners.
We may use the personal data you provide following this Policy if you provide us with personal data when making requests.
Please refer to the privacy policies of our social media partners when you interact with them online.
You have the right to correct any inaccurate personal information about you.
* **Contact, Account, and Profile Information**.
We may use information to provide you with products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you.
You can unsubscribe options at the bottom of each email.
We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services that you connect to your Life360 account, or third-party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you.
The information you share may include health information.
We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us.
You can request to correct inaccuracies in your personal information by logging in to your account and editing the information therein.
The PRIVO COPPA certification Seal posted on this page indicates Toca Boca, Inc has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process.
Any changes to ParkWhiz's privacy policy will always be posted in the website with the effective date of the new policy.
The networks use this information to show you advertisements on our Services or other third-party websites and apps.
you may have the right to contact the applicable supervisory authority.
Further, by using or accessing the Application, our website, or Apps in any manner, you acknowledge and accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent to allowing ThemeKit to collect, use and share your information as outlined above.
This allows us to analyse web traffic patterns and run tests to optimize web pages and visits against key metrics.
We may share data with credit bureaus and similarly regulated entities, banks for device financing, and payment processors to provide services.
You may contact us by email at [privacy@siriusxm.com] or [privacy@pandora.com].
We will promptly delete the  Personal Data from a child under the age of 13, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
All scanned documents are inaccessible either to us or to any third party, stored locally on your device.
Administrative matters (such as account management, updates to terms, or system maintenance); * To provide you with information about our Services (such as product delivery and logistics, servicing and technical support); and * To respond to any questions, comments or requests you have about our Services.
You may have the right to ask Dream Games to restrict the use of your personal data.
public content can exist elsewhere even after you remove it from X.
If you use features that involve payment or the CapCut Cloud Space Service as described in our Terms of Service, we and/or our service providers or business partners may collect information about the purchase or payment transaction.
We may require additional information to verify your identity and respond to requests.
We also use “cookies” or similar technologies to obtain log data.
Scopely is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.
You may manage your communication preferences in [your profile's email settings](https://github.com/settings/emails).
Audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements or our internal policies;
California residents under 18 with registration can request that we remove from our Services any content you post to our Services.
We may use your device’s camera to provide virtual services.
You have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information
We retain your information for as long as necessary to provide you and our other users the Moment Platform.
We disclose your information
This information may include your username or device ID and the fact that you made a purchase,  but does not include any financial information.
Alternatively, click the "unsubscribe" link in the email or reply STOP (or as otherwise instructed) to the text message.
In any event , your email address will not be visible to others through any reports or user posts that you share or upload.
You information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction.
You need to opt-out separately in each device if you use more than one device.
We and our service providers may also collect other information based on your location and your device’s proximity to “beacons” and other similar indoor proximity systems.
When making a purchase,  your credit card details goes directly to the payment provider's server.
If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes
the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days If you cancel all of your subscriptions with a particular developer or publisher.
You may also download the [DAA AppChoices] tool to help control interest-based advertising on apps on your mobile device.
We will only share your personal information if you have requested to do so, or if we have obtained your prior express consent.
When you order any good or service through the Services, we collect certain non-financial transaction information related to these purchases.
We require that any service provider processing your personal information only do so on our behalf and for purposes consistent with this policy.
You may change sharing permission at any time in your app settings.
Apple may collect the information you provide about the people with whom you share your content using Apple products, send gift certificates and products, or invite.
When you consent, we process this information to provide relevant content and advertisement based on your location.
We've collected information by cookies and other online tracking technologies.
Our company may update this privacy policy.
you can withdraw the consent.
We collect your personal data when you interact with the Services.
(2) sending an email to info@questionai.net;
we will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services.
By providing us with your information, you acknowledge any such transfer, storage or use.
Under local laws, including in the European Union, you may be able to ask us to * provide access to certain information we hold about you, in some cases in a portable format, if technically feasible * update or correct your information * delete certain information * restrict the use of your information.
In the case of tobacco products, the information we provide is the business customer’s name, address, the brand name of the tobacco products purchased and the amount of tobacco products purchased.
the above pixels are the sole controller.
We do not collect health or medical information, however, some privacy-related legislation may classify some of our workouts or accessibility offerings as health-related information.
GitHub may change this Privacy Statement from time to time for a variety of reasons, including to comply with new laws and regulations, to cover new features and functionality, and to increase transparency.
You may not be able to use some portions of our Service without accepting cookies.
We retain data for extended time periods for limited purposes.
The personal data are used to provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events.
We follow the self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"), the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada ("DAAC"), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance ("EDAA").
We use the information to protect our interests by (1) monitoring Game use to detect fraud or any other user behaviour which prejudices the integrity of our Games, (2) remedying fraud and concerning behaviour, (3) defending ourselves against legal claims or disputes, and (4) enforcing our terms and policies.
Effective as of: 8 May 2023.
Any information in your Submissions may become publicly available and can be read, collected, or used by others.
You can also submit a customer support request through our support website(https://nianticlabs.com/en/support/) or email us at [privacy@nianticlabs.com](mailto:privacy@nianticlabs.com).
Some features of our Services cannot be offered without using cookies.
This Policy applies to personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you.
Other technologies may use information to recognize your device.
some browsers or plug-ins use a “Global Privacy Control”
You can opt out here(https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).
When providing Resume Review Services, Indeed may give you feedback, including questions and comments on materials you submit through the services.
contact us at support@corecoders.com to delete your account and/or all your data.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to our collection and processing of your sensitive personal information by turning off and ceasing to use YouVersion features.
the data is used to optimise the Services and to ensure the security of our IT systems.
Users may also be required to take steps for the use of rights conferred to the User.
If you are using our Services from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that providing your personal data to us means consent to process your personal data.
We reserve the right to deny requests.
If you elect to connect your Amazon account to your game account, we will collect an authentication token provided by Amazon.
If you are located in the European Union, you must be 16 years of age or older to access and/or use the Services.
You can send notes and reminders while traveling with the your default e-mail program.
Some services are engaged in personal data profiling and may obtain information related to your personality and/or your device by using technologies beyond our responsibility.
We do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent.
If you close your account, we will delete your account data within 14 days.
We share your subscription status.
You can choose to block cookies, but if you disable these cookies, you will not be able to log in to Telegram Web.
you contest the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period enabling the Controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data; * the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of its use instead;
When you use the Services, we may collect the following categories and specific information about you: your contact information, your IP address, your questions related to the Services, your country of residence, the length of use of the application, your self-reported skill level, and the type of work or occupation you engage in, suggestions, concerns, or other types of feedback.
The IP address will not be combined with other Amazon data.
To infer additional information about you, such as your age range, gender, and interests.
If you have general questions about your account or how to contact customer service for assistance, please visit our online help center at [help.netflix.com](https://help.netflix.com).
to set up and maintain your registration with the Service;
We retain your personal information only as long as required to perform the Services or other purposes for which we collect the information.
**Cookies and Similar Technologies
We may share information if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our policies or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves and others.
We collect information about the apps, browsers and [devices] you use to access Google Services
CenturyGames will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
We  may not delete all your data for certain exceptions.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
We collect your personal information where it is in our legitimate interests.
We do not collect sensory data.
You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”).
This includes device identifiers such as IP address, MAC address, and Ad Id (e.g., IDFA or AAID).
we may disclose information to third parties in an aggregate or derivative format.
Once displayed in a publicly accessible location, that information can be collected, used, and shared by the public at large.
Zoom have access to email metadata used for basic email delivery—specifically, email addresses in the from, to, cc, and bcc fields, time, mimeID, and the number and size of attachments.
You have a right to move, copy or transfer the data that you have provided from our database to another one.
you can also submit your request to opt-out using our use our web form.
Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners.
You can visit [Google’s Ads Settings page] from a browser on your Android-based device to limit the personalized ads.
You can lodge a complaint to a data protection authority.
This enables us to operate the App more effectively.
We rely on legal transfer mechanisms to transfer your personal information out of a Designated Country.
Sometimes the law, government entities, or other regulatory bodies may impose demands and obligations on us with respect to the products and services we seek to provide.
You may access, correct, or delete your personal data in your account settings.
Monitoring communications and interactions with you to ensure the quality of our support services, appropriate training of our people and to resolve your complaints.
we will use information to identify the third-party ad network that displayed the mobile ad for us.
If you make reasonable objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate that legitimate grounds for the processing overrides yours or the processing is for legal claims.
We may collect hardware model, operating system and version, device ID, mobile network information, and application usage behavior.
Minors must use the Sites under the supervision of their parent, legal guardian, or responsible adult.
Fomo may share pseudonymous data, not directly identifying information.
opting out does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you.
we may retain your personal data for a longer time as necessary to comply with our legal obligations
Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
We use your information for * Providing customer support to you and to respond to your inquiries * Defending, exercising, or establishing our legal rights.
You can change the setting for this feature in the Settings section of your Account page.
Select the “Help” section to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Emails with  encryption  sent to or received from non-Zoom Email users are encrypted after the email is sent or received from Zoom’s servers.
We use the data we have about you to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services.
We infer new information from other data we collect, including using automated means to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics (“inferences”)
We provide links to more information about vendors’ privacy practices and any available opt outs.
These technology services may use cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), and/or other technologies to collect such usage information for such purposes.
So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
In certain countries, including in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal information.
we may share information about you with marketing partners.
We may also release your information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
you could limit or prevent the use of cookies in your web browsers.
By using our Sites, by applying for membership, or by using a membership, you are consenting to this Privacy Policy.
You can access and adjust your marketing subscriptions from your account dashboard, or [contact us].
You may exercise certain rights regarding your information.
we need to perform a contract with you
You can turn off push notifications by visiting the “options” or “settings” page within the relevant games.
We collect records of your purchases or products you consider; Consumption history or propensity; Records of watching videos and participating in these videos (comments, likes, dislikes) and the products featured in the videos; Comments, reviews, likes and dislikes, and purchases related to the videos you post; Provide beauty preferences
You can decide whether to accept cookies or not.
With your consent, we and our service providers will use precise location and other self-declared data to provide more Personalized Ads and Offers.
your messages are stored on your device and not typically stored on our servers.
Clicking on links to third-party may allow the third party to collect or share data about you.
Please note that you should also take steps to protect yourself, especially online.
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store information when you visit our Platforms.
If you do not accept the Policy as amended, you shall stop using Question.AI.
For example, we process information about [requests to remove content] in accordance with Google's content removal policies or applicable law in order to evaluate requests and to ensure transparency, improve accountability, and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
We use personal data** to facilitate your access to the Services, to manage your account and subscriptions, to personalize your listening, marketing and advertising experiences, and to send you information.
You have the right to be informed about those recipients.
We collect the personal information you provide.
If you do not allow these Cookies, some of the Services may not be available for you.
We collect IP addresses, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers, device serial numbers and similar identifiers;
ADP uses Google Analytics as a Third Party vendor.
We are not responsible for websites, applications or services linked to or from Axis 360.
Personal Information can include personally identifiable information that you choose to provide us with or include in your account.
you could limit or prevent the use of cookies in your web browsers.
You may update, review or correct your Costco.ca online account information at any time.
contact Consumer Services (1.800.806.6453) or our Privacy Office at: Privacy Office, One Bowerman Dr., Beaverton, OR 97005, USA or send us an email at [privacy@nike.com].
ADP has adopted Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) for processing Client employee data and business contact data.
Set your Do Not Sell or Share preference in our Privacy Dashboard or click the link in our website footers or apps.
We, Processor of your Personal Data, store the data until instructed to delete it by the Controller.
We only work with companies that follow this privacy policy and agree not to use your information for any other purposes.
You can initiate the deletion of your account in the Account settings section of your account.
You can delete your account, or remove certain personal information.
We are allowed to use your personal data when it is necessary to do so for the performance of our contract with you.
To stop us sharing your hashed email address for Matched Ads, please contact privacy@insider-inc.com and specify your opt.
You can hide your lending history.
You have control over how your email address is used and shared with other Users on and through our Service.
Your Profile is discoverable by other SayHi users unless you opt-out.
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it.
Opt-Out Rights.
We use user provided personal information, aggregations of user data, data collected through the use of YouVersion, public feedback, and information inferred from this data to conduct internal research and development in order to provide a better overall YouVersion experience.
contributors’ requests to remove personal data generally require notice to and action from the repository owner.
The information we collect includes information that may include unique identifiers, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, and non-personal information, such as your browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), citation/exit page, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
After Interactive Content has been submitted, our data back-up system and may be indexed in third-party search engines like Google.
when you visit our website, we place cookies on your computer.
We share your personal data with our Service Providers.
You may also request details of the third parties that we have disclosed the inaccurate or incomplete personal data to.
Waze does not sell, rent or lease your personal information to third parties.
Please note that we are only required to respond to two requests per customer each year.
Third parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.
You have the right to receive a copy of the Information in certain format, or to request the Information is transferred to a third party.
We host Personal Information in secure, cloud-based environments that use firewalls, encryption and other industry-standard technologies to prevent outside interference or access.
We may use data to estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
These other sites and services are not bound by this Privacy Policy, and we are not responsible for their information collection practices.
We may collect contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving an issue.
* Comply with the requirements of our publisher, library, and retail partners; * Alert you of opportunities to renew loans, return loans, checkout digital content on which you’ve placed a hold, and cancel holds; * Provide recommendations for digital content we think you may enjoy; * Notify you of opportunities to provide feedback for OverDrive's Services; * Sync bookmarks and most recent point viewed/played across devices; * Support the internal operations of the Services; * Integrate with additional service providers for use of the Services; * If you have the Location permission enabled while using Libby, we determine your geographic location using GPS coordinates so that we may provide localized language and content; * Sora determines your geographic location using IP address so we may help you find local schools and/or libraries; * Personalize our Services to better reflect particular interests and preferences and in certain instances for remarketing; and * Generally improve your experience.
We will post any modifications or changes to this Privacy Policy on this page.
We share information with third parties who help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market our services.
When personal information is transferred internationally, SYBO takes steps to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your personal information and to process your personal information lawfully.
depending on what Partner services you use, we may share information:
We only provide advertising with your consent if required.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising, and navigate to options that will allow you to exercise your rights to opt-out of online behavioral advertising, by visiting the (http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) or the (http://optout.aboutads.info).
You can request that we correct any information on your account that is not accurate, complete, or updated by providing us with the necessary information to correct it.
To enforce applicable terms of service, including investigations of potential violations, we share information
Deletion of your Personal Data does not affect messages we process on behalf of others.
despite our efforts, no security can be guaranteed as impenetrable.
You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails and update your settings to prevent other notifications.
You can make a complaint to your data protection authority.
You can also **contact us** at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, USA, NBCUniversal Legal Department Attn: Chief Privacy Officer.
We use gameplay, geography, device data and in-game interactions to show you promotional offers and information about virtual items that can be purchased in-game.
We collect the following data: Duration and frequency * Module evaluation
We use the personal data you provide to us directly * To set up and maintain your registration with the Service; * To provide features available in the Service; * To develop, improve, and protect the Service; * To communicate with you; * To facilitate and process any in-app purchases in the Service; * To prevent and investigate fraud and other misuses; * To protect our rights and/or our property; * To operate and improve our products and services; * For market research; * For electronic direct marketing; * To audit and analyze the Service; and * To ensure the technical functionality and security of the Service.
If you participate in online Services, we may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display your personal and/or statistical data regarding your game play, or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players.
• Delivering you customized content;
You will be required to provide certain information to our payment processing service provider(s) , when you purchase a product through the Platform.
You can also complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information if you feel that Peloton has not acted in accordance with applicable laws.
You can also exercise the right by contacting us at [dataprivacy@mattel163.com].
We permit third-party online advertising networks, social media companies and other third-party services to collect information about your use of our online services.
provide localized content;
Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing.
We may update this Privacy Policy by posting the updated Privacy Policy online.
we may collect information about your views or interactions with ads.
You will make choices about our use and processing of your information may also make certain choices in the settings menu of your YouVersion Member account or at <https://www.bible.com/settings>.
Once a business receives your request, they are no longer allowed to use or disclose your sensitive personal information for any other purpose unless you provide consent for the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information for additional purposes.
We process the information  to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Dow Jones is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties.
We may collect and use certain information about you, some of which may be personal data (such as your name, email address, IP address, or other information which may be reasonably linked to you), in order to operate the Services and to maximize your experience.
We collect the information provided directly by you or a member of your household.
The processed information itself is not allowed to be directly associated with any particular individual and we can only access it in aggregate form.
When you place an order through our website, you are required to provide your name, address, e-mail address and payment information.
Lyft may receive information like your name and delivery address from the organization that utilize Lyft to fulfill the delivery.
The exercise of users' rights relating to the transferred data must be exercised directly with the third party.
You can set up on your device to opt out of all third-party targeted ads for all apps.
You should keep your password confidential and take precautions to keep others from accessing your account.
In case when your user ID is linked to your Facebook account, Facebook may use your device information in association with categorized data that were already recorded in its databases.
Improve and develop our products and services including to develop new services or features, and conduct research.
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play.
Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
We may also obtain information from other third-party sources and combine it with information we collect through our Services.
we may use information from third-party accounts that are connected to our Services.
In the event that you consider our processing of data related to your use of the Services not to be compliant with the applicable data protection laws, you can contact us at [privacy@weather.com] or lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Attn: Privacy Office
We will continue to evaluate and change this Privacy Policy.
Some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities.
Only audio data may be shared for converting to text(no other data, such as the user's IP address or any information about their account is shared)..
You can “opt out” of advertising placed by participating companies in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising, thus limiting the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising their privacy rights.
we will address negative privacy issue with you or that other person.
To send promotional materials, including by instant messaging or email, from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties.
It is impossible to provide complete functionality of the App and perform the requested services without such information.
We collect information from sellers.
California residents can opt out of our “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information to our analytics and advertising partners.
we use Facebook Custom Audiences to serve ads to our customers on Facebook
Advertising cookies enable us to understand your interests thus showing you relevant offers and personalized advertisements.
You may have the right to withdraw your consent,where we require your consent to process your personal data.
Subscribing you to Budge Studios' newsletter, which may include advertisements and communications alerting you to new products, features and enhancements, special offers upgrade opportunities, and contests and events of interest.
We retain transactional information for at least seven years to ensure we can perform legitimate business functions, such as accounting for tax obligations.
we will only delete your Personal Data, and keep non-Personal Data.
to send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
You also have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your Personal Data.
social plugins and similar technologies allow you to share information
We will notify you and obtain your consent if we make material changes, or if we intend to process your personal data for a purpose other than that for which the personal data was first collected.
The personal data is stored on servers located in secured facilities and protected by protocols and procedures such as firewalls and data encryption designed to ensure industry-standard security of such data.
Please be aware that we do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law.
If your bookings are made through or by third parties, we will consider those people to be authorized by you.
